Title$Description$URL
       1. Be kind to you$Kindness starts with you and within you! Book that massage you’ve been putting off, take the time out of a busy day to make yourself a nourishing meal, write self-affirming notes and leave them around your house, start a gratitude journal. Treating yourself with kindness can improve your outlook and boost your spirits on even the hardest days.
      2. Pay for the coffee or meal of the person in line behind you$This was the very first act of kindness idea I ever heard of and I love it because it’s simple, easy and convenient. It delivers a sweet surprise to the unsuspecting recipient (who will hopefully pass the kindness on to another) and you can do it while you’re safely distanced from others, in the drive thru.
     3. Call a loved one just to say “I’m thinking of you”$We rely so much on communicating through text messages, social media and even email, but nothing can replace the experience of hearing your loved one laugh at your jokes or excitedly share their latest life updates. Call someone who’s special to you and let them know you’re thinking of them.
     4. Give to an international charity$Despite the challenges we’ve been facing, many of us still have so much to be grateful for, whether that be our health, jobs, the safety of our families or shelter. In many parts of the world, children and families are struggling, and the global COVID-19 pandemic has made things even harder.
     5. Shop small$Supporting small businesses is more important than ever. Many small and independent businesses face an uncertain future in the coming months. Why not incorporate them into your shopping? Some ideas include: purchasing a gift card to a nearby salon or spa, shopping at a local farm, deli or bakery for dinner items, purchasing gifts for birthdays or other occasions from small online shops, and checking out local handmade goods for sale on Facebook Marketplace. If you don’t have the funds to spend, you can still help by writing a 5-star review for your favourite local businesses.
     6. Donate supplies to a classroom$Teachers are working harder than ever for our children and in some cases, are using their personal dollars to purchase extra classroom supplies. Find out what your child’s classroom could use more of (and what they’re able to accept) and send some extras with your scholar on Monday morning.
     7. Start a fundraiser for a cause that moves you$A friend of mine recently shared a link to her fundraiser which got me thinking... We don’t have to have a special holiday or occasion to start a fundraiser. There are so many people in need of support, and so many charities tirelessly advocating for them, it would be an immense act of kindness to step up and help, just because.
    8. Care packages for our homeless$Being homeless is difficult, and in the cold winter months it can be especially challenging. Care packages in the winter can help make life a little more comfortable for the homeless. Try to think outside of the box: thermal or wool socks, waterproof gloves, chewable immune-boosting vitamins, Chapstick, sunscreen and band-aids, and non-perishable foods of course.
    9. Take care of your community$Check on your elderly neighbour, have a meal delivered to someone dealing with an illness, or a treat delivered to a friend having a rough day. Do you know a new mom? Deliver
   10. Support your local food bank$According to
   11. Be an encouraging and positive online voice$We’ve all seen posts and comments by people who focus only on the negative or on putting others down. Online bullying can have horrible effects, so why not combat that? Use your online platforms to lift others up, focus on sharing good news and you’ll be someone people look forward to hearing from.
   12. Donate blood$This may seem a little strange, but if you think about it, there
   13. Easy act of kindness wins$Here are a few more, simple acts of kindness: share an encouraging word with service workers like cashiers, grocery store clerks, bus drivers, waiters, delivery workers, etc. – we rely on these individuals so much, yet they’re often the most undervalued (you can even increase the kindness meter by sharing your compliment with that worker’s boss). Compliment someone – it could really brighten their day. Help someone who looks lost. Leave a coupon next to that item in the grocery store. Learn CPR. Let someone cut in front of you in line. Let the car ahead of you merge into the lane.
