Title$Description$URL
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
How I made it through 2020 - A Kindness Challenge$At the start of 2020, I committed myself to a year of kindness with the hopes of infusing daily kindness into my community and positively impacting those around me. Little did I know, this challenge would be vital in positively shaping my view on this difficult year. I completed 366 (February had 29 days) acts of kindness in 2020!  The kind acts have included a wide range of activities such as providing care packages through The Give Essential program, distributing water and gift cards to the homeless, preparing meals for sick family/friends, shopping for seniors, donating blood, and so much more. Extending the smallest kind act, like giving a total stranger a compliment, or paying for groceries when the person in front of you is short on cash, visibly mattered. I have donated my time, and money to many organizations over this past year and I journaled my year long experience.  Kindness is needed in our world now more than ever. This project did more for me this past year and I hope by sharing my experience it might inspire someone else to try a year of kindness, even for a month. Kindness Matters!  2020…I think it’s safe to say this year didn’t go as planned. However, in a year where it is easy to point out the bad, I wanted to highlight the good and share some of the positive things and thought this would be a good story to share. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3087-how-i-made-it-through
Saved by good Samaritan at Montpellier Airport$Owing to covid and family illness it is nearly three years since I was last in the UK. So when I found myself last night- in the departure lounge at Montpellier Airport - being refused boarding to my easyjet flight to London, I went into a state of some shock and utter panic. I wasn’t the only one, another would be passenger having just been refused boarding himself. And all because we had put our booking numbers instead of flight numbers on the passenger locator form. An Easyjet employee was adamant. We couldn’t board. Nor could the form be altered. A new form had to be filed in on line. For two tech befuddled Brits this seemed an impossible task with only 20 minutes remaining before the gates closed. Enter Chloe, a young woman from Nice. She first offered us a wif fi connection through her phone. (We didn’t have time to register to use the airport wi fi.) My fellow panic striken Brit then announced he was dyslexic. No matter, said Chloe who completed the form for him before doing the same for me, all done with considerable grace under pressure. With seconds to spare the form uploaded to my phone and boarding officals waved us though. Thanks to this act of great kindness I would get to see my mum and do plenty of things I have long since postponed. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3083-saved-by-good-samaritan-at
Kindness Rocks$This garden was created by my organization, On A Dragonfly’s Wings, in memory of my son, Nikolai Miller, who died by suicide on June 20, 2019, at the age of 15. It was funded by the Waterford Youth Assistance, along with donations from community organizations, local businesses, and families.  Nikolai was a kind and generous soul who loved all people with his whole heart. He also suffered silently with mental illness that eventually ended his life.  The purpose of this garden is to bring kindness, positivity, and love to all who stumble upon it. It is a reminder to all that YOU MATTER and love always wins.  The stepping stones you will encounter within the garden were created with love by suicide loss survivors in memory of their loved ones.  Rules of the garden are simple: Take a rock when you need one. Share a rock with a friend who needs some inspiration. Leave a rock with a kindness message for another.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3082-kindness-rocks
Kindness matters $The world we live in today has been through a lot of things from world wars to epidemics, but one thing which remained constant throughout was resilience and kindness. Moreover, it was the spirit to fight back and help out each other. Kindness must be an essential and universal quality to make the world a better place. Through an essay on kindness, we will go through it in detail.Kindness towards nature, animals and other people has the ability to transform the world and make it a beautiful place for living. But, it is also important to remember that kindness towards you is also essential for personal growth.Kindness is basically being polite, compassionate and thoughtful. Every religion and faith teaches its followers to be kind. Most importantly, kindness must not limit to humans but also to every living creature.Even nature has its own way of showing kindness. For instance, the trees grow fruits for us and provide us with shade. One must not see kindness as a core value but as a fundamental behavioural element. When you are kind to your loved ones, you create a stable base.As people are becoming more self-centred today, we must learn kindness. We must try to integrate it into ourselves. You might not know how a small act of kindness can bring about a change in someone’s life. So, be kind always. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3081-kindness-matters
A Truly Good Friend$A couple years ago, when I was having serious mental health struggles, my friend always tried his best to help me. He would listen to me when I needed it or simply distracted me from what was troubling me. He put aside a lot of his own personal issues to make sure I was okay and that means the world to me to this day. I try to make it up to him every day because the kindness he showed me during that time was life-changing. I'll always remember it! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3079-a-truly-good-friend
The child$My family and I were taking a walk at East Coast park. I was running own a hill and saw a young boy (about 3 or 4) fall of his scooter and hurt himself. I quickly rushed to him and said “Are you ok?” He was ok but his parents were leaving him behind not noticing that he had fallen down. I told him to stay right where he was and ran to the parents informing them about their child. The end. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3078-the-child
Neighbors Elderly Cat$My neighbor has an elderly cat who I have been working with her on to fatten him up and hydrate him better. He was skin and bones, and dehydrated, and she just did not know how to help him, and did not realize there was anything she could do to improve things for him. She thought he was just old and that this was part of it. I helped her to learn that it doesn't have to be, we work together feeding him kitten food, mixed with unflavored Pedialyte and in just a couple of weeks he has shown big improvements. He's putting on weight, and his skin shows that he is much less dehydrated which has helped his apatite! Fritz spends a lot of time on my porch and I am so glad he is doing better. He is a VERY loving good boy with bright green eyes. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3076-neighbors-elderly-cat
Kindness to animals $Kindness to animals  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3074-kindness-to-animals
How I warmed drinking water for an old man$Am a shopkeeper ,so where I have my shop the place is usually chilly .One day an old man came by and bought some painkillers .He requested me to give him some water to swallow the tablets and considering the weather I opted to warm water for him.After I gave him he was very grateful and told me he has never seen such a kind person .I felt good and since then he has become the best royal customer and friend of mine $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3073-how-i-warmed-drinking-water
Chocolate Milk$Beautiful Fourth of July weekend and my fiance requested some brats for a family cookout. As I ran into the local market to grab some I thought to myself, "Let's make this special!" I grabbed a fancy homemade pie, cool whip, pasta salad, and some New beer bratwursts to try.  I had to the checkout lane, and notice a nice short line with someone almost finished checking out.  There is a man there with his teenage and preteen son.  The older boy is bagging groceries and telling the younger boy about putting eggs and bread together.  It appears to be a sweet family moment.  The dad, I am assuming, starts counting out cash for the groceries and hands the cashier a card as well.   She swipes the card twice then looks at him as she says, "This card doesn't have anything on it. ". The man looks sick and says under his breath, "I knew better than to trust him." He asks the cashier to take off the frozen pizzas. Checks amount.  Then the bagged cereal. Checks again. He looks at the younger boy and says, "Sorry bud. We are going to have to wait on the chocolate milk. " My heart is in my throat. Here I am, with a handful of food that I was buying JUST BECAUSE I craved it. I had lots of food at home.  I do not have cash to offer and I don't want to embarrass them by appearing impatient.  I carefully start examining random candy bars and magazines in the checkout aisle.  The family finally checked out and were quickly leaving with embarrassment. They almost didn't grab the change. I rushed forward and asked the cashier to ring their items up on my order. She knew exactly what to do and scrambled to get it done as quick as possible. She called over a young bagger and practically threw the food at him as she barked, " Go find that family that was just here!". The teen caught the bag, grabbed the chocolate milk and rushed out.  I finished checking out, made some small talk about the weather. As I left I saw the bag boy turned delivery guy. "Did you find them", I asked? He smiled broadly and replied. "I did!" They said thank you very much.  I smiled and left. As I looked out across the parking lot, I see the boy in the back seat of the car, holding his gallon of chocolate milk in his lap.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3072-chocolate-milk
The 97 Bus$Once I went to choir by myself. I had to take the number 97 bus. I was feeling good until I realized I'd forgot my mask. I went to a corner shop and bought a disposable mask and a pack of bubblegum. As I walked up to the stop, I saw the 97 bus leaving the stop! I ran towards it in vain and I cried into my coat. A stranger tapped my shoulder and asked why I was crying. I told him, trying to hold my breath in front of him, trying not to burst into more tears whilst telling him. He nodded and showed me a website he found on his phone. It told me the 97 bus would arrive in 9 minutes, the perfect amount of time, even if it stretched a little bit. Eventually, he got on his bus, and I got on mine. I'm very grateful for him and I hope to pass on the act soon. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3070-the-97-bus
HELP HOMLESS GUY $At the end of my road I saw a man sleeping on the floor I was on my way to the park and i had some money on me so i dropped £5 in his cup.Doing this made me feel happy just to know that i have helped him T*n*k* $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3068-help-homless-guy
Traffic merging$It’s simple let people merge into traffic - it makes me smile when I get a wave or trucker break lights  as a thank you $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3067-traffic-merging
Pay It Forward Friday$I was in the drive-thru at Starbucks waiting to pay for my order. When I pulled up to the window to pay, the car ahead of me had paid for my order to my surprise! Of course, I paid it forward by paying for the next order. It's so nice to see kindness being shown. I'm deeming today as Pay It Forward Friday! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3066-pay-it-forward-friday
Be Strong By Being Kind! $In today's world, people think being strong is being tough, unfeeling, powerful, influential, etc. But is it really? I think being strong is having courage to, even when everything is against you, be kind, patient, and understanding. No, don't let people take advantage of you, but instead of being mean and hateful like so much of this evil world is, have faith to stand up for what's right. Being kind doesn't take much. Just a small smile can go a long way.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3065-be-strong-by-being-kind
Through the Good and the Bad, Be Kind!$2020 was a very difficult year for all of us for relatively obvious reasons. COVID-19 happened, we were forced to stay in our homes, isolated from people other than possibly our families, (for some of us), and even when we did go out, we had to social distance with masks. As for me, both 2020 and 2021 were very hard. COVID-19, my dad had 2 major surgeries, my dad got diagnosed with stage 4 cancer, my parents got COVID-19 my last week of 8th grade so I couldn't go anywhere except graduation, (because I have kind and understanding teachers and friends), and my mom even got COVID pneumonia in both lungs. Those are only a few examples, however, especially in those difficult times, I felt it very important to be kind. It made me feel better, and took my mind off the bad things in life. I love being able to make a difference, even if it's just a small difference in someone's day. So please remember 2 things: 1, being kind can benefit even more than the person you're being kind to. And 2, no matter what you're going through, being kind doesn't take much for you, but it can change a person's life, even yours! Just a smile can go a long way. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3064-through-the-good-and-the
serenity$when my sis was in hard time s i help her a lot  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3062-serenity
Kindness through letters$Hello I am Allison and I love spreading kindness to others all around the world  How can I be put in the news for a story about how I have over 778 pen pals from different places all over the world and I hand write each letter and  I spread kindness to each of them because of how bad this world is getting and I feel like we need a lot more kindness these days and how I am disabled and I just want to brighten their day I also send off probably thousands of letters and cards each year Thanks so much  Allison. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3061-kindness-through-letters
Allison’s story $When I was born i weighed 1lb and 10oz so I’ve been fighting all my life I am 24 now and I’ve lost a lot of wonderful people in my life. I gave my life to the lord when I was 15 now I live for spreading kindness in the world by sending letters and cards to random people blessing them to brighten their day  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3060-allison-s-story
Lonely Christmas ..$It was Christmas day of 2019, a Thursday morning and I was in the worse emotional pain in my entire life. I was disconnected from my family and no real friends left in my life, and I was spending Christmas homeless on the streets after the homeless shelter barred me because of me being Loud and over emotional basically no real reason really, and the night before, Christmad eve I begged the salvation Army to let me sleep inside just for 1 night. They refused. They gave me a blanket and I was left with no other choice. I slept outside. On Christmas Eve. Right beside the shelter.  I went to the nearest bridge. It's about 80 feet high, and the river below was solid ice. I didn't think twice. I climbed up on the rail, and sat on it, looking down at the ice-covered river, tears pouring down my eyes to the river below. I had this 1 thought in my head: I will give it exactly 5 minutes for somebody to care about another human beings life. In my head I counted down from 300 seconds . Less than 30 seconds later I noticed out of the corner of my eye a man come up and put his arms over the rail. He turned his head to me. "Are you okay?." I replied: "what does it look like", still sobbing uncontrollably. "It looks like you're in pain." I nodded my head, then put my face in my hands, crying so hard and loud in true emotional pain . Then a lady appeared beside me. , Then a younger girl probably no older than 19 started walking up behind her and just the look on her face was heartbreaking. She was able to literally empathize with my pain. The lady beside me asked what was going on and they talked me down from the bridge. We gave each other our names and departed. I haven't seen them since but I wish I would. It gives me hope for humanity especially considering I was only wanting ONE human being to care about another human beings life. But THREE human beings did. Angels.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3057-lonely-christmas
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Why I Choose Kindness$At 11 years old I became the target of bullying for the first time. This experience came with long-lasting effects that I hope no one ever has to experience first hand. After confiding in trusted adults, a door opened to a world of kindness of every single adult trying to help in the best way possible. From then on, I vowed to always be intentionally kind in my every actions, prompting me to become a RAKtivist and start my podcast called The Choose Kindness Podcast, where I interview guests to educate all generations on the effects of bullying and why they too should choose kindness forever and always. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3056-why-i-choose-kindness
The boy and woman$One day a boy falls into a well and l heard a voice of crying l go near to the well and l see a boy is fall into the well call my mother and  she came and help the boy and he get injure badly and boold is coming out from his leg we give first aid to him and after some time he become healthy and then we give some water to him and he was poor so we some money to him and he thank to us and go away Moral - kindness will always get great rewards $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3053-the-boy-and-woman
Kindness Matters$hi! my name is riya and i'm an incoming eighth grader at mason middle school in mason, ohio; and i don't exactly have anything too special to share, but to me; it's worth sharing.  back in march of 2021, i said to myself "i wanna do something to help others, the community." so i decided to start putting up lemonade stands, to donate to different charities around the country. my first "debut" stand was on march 27th, 2021 at a park. we made $250 and all of that went to Feeding America to help families in need of food and household supplies. i am currently planning my next one to donate to Shine Like Sable (Our mission is spreading kindness through weekday and weekend food packs, buddy bench awareness, coordination of needs with teachers...wherever someone needs kindness. The Shine Like Sable Foundation honors the memory of Sable Paige Gibson.)  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3052-kindness-matters
Random act of kindness$While walking down the street i heard an old lady screaming for help .I did not know where she was screaming from but I finally saw her in a drain.she was breathing fast so I took her out of the drain and put her to lay down on a wooden bed because I couldn't get anything else.i called for help and we perform Ed CPR $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3051-random-act-of-kindness
Homeless man on Christmas day$My mom and I when she was alive would go out on Christmas day to give a homeless person $20 for a meal. One day we saw this Hispanic homeless man with a shopping cart, everything was neatly folded and packed in his cart. We stopped and handed him the $20 and he immediately fell to his knees and cried, praising God for our kind gesture. He then told us in his broken English he will eat and go to church and gave the res of the money there as a donation. We never saw him again after that, I hope he got off the streets.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3050-homeless-man-on-christmas-day
The homeless woman$One day as I walking down a street with my friend holding a bag of food we were going to eat later we saw a homeless woman. We gave her our food as she seemed way more hungry than us and we left $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3049-the-homeless-woman
door$i open door :l $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3047-door
Helping Others$About two years ago I helped my grandma get Christmas set up. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3046-helping-others
Kindness$Sending my friends good messages. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3043-kindness
Be someone’s Mrs. Wolffer$When I was a young child, my home was not a good place to be. My next door neighbor recognized what was needed. She spent countless hours with me, talking about plants and gardens. She complemented me on my better features. She oozed love. She was one of the only adults I ever felt safe around. I realized later what she did for that troubled little kid. Today, I strive to be that person. Unconditional love not bound by blood. Being kind because you can. She changed my life. Be someone’s Mrs. Wolffer. We know not the good we can do or the impact we can make. 💜 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3039-be-someone-s-mrs-wolffer
Winter wear for Kids$I joined my workplace in 2017, I wanted to donate my salary for some goodness in society. I never believed in going through some agency and wanted to be someone who indulges directly with the people. The winters were approaching. My Mom's Sister (P.S: She received the National Teachers' Award in 2015) who is a teacher in a Tribal school in a remote area informed us that these underprivileged children do not have sweaters or any other winter wear for the bone-chilling Winters in that year. Then I wondered if we could help these kids in some way. Another of my Mom's Sister (P.S: she has 5 sisters :P), came up with this idea too. Together we donated Sweaters at the school.  After some days, I received this picture which made my heart fill with so much comfort that I can never describe. These cute Kids wanted to say thank you for the sweaters and were very happy with the new clothes. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3038-winter-wear-for-kids
My kindness story $After my husband died suddenly 6 years ago ..I experienced amazing kindness from friends and family ..from people helping me move and sort out financial issues ,buying me groceries.someone bought me shoes for my daughter's wedding .to driving me places when I needed it,.and so many other things . the amazing love and support ,listening to me say the same things over and over ..I am so gratefull💝 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3037-my-kindness-story
Snow$It's hard to pick a favourite; there are no small acts of kindness. 🌞 There was a time in my life when I drove over 50K km/year, and being on the road that much I've been first on the scene at accidents, added gas to cars, changed tires, given rides, boosted batteries... But this isn't about me. I've always told people to simply it forward. One winter day I went to Ottawa to visit my parents. I arrived late and the parking lot was full, but there was enough of an area to squeeze in beside my dad's car even though my car was angled about 30°on one side. I'd move it in the morning. The next day I'd just started to back out when my car slid to the side until it was touching my dad's car. It was a gentle kiss; didn't even scratch the paint. But I was stuck. Just then a pickup truck stopped and the driver hopped out. "Need a hand?" he asked. What struck me so profoundly in that moment was that I'd never seen this scene from the other side. Between us we extricated the cars and he hopped back in his truck and drove away, just like I had so many times. That was about thirty years ago but I've never forgotten it. Mike. PS. For 11 years my wife Marcia and I shared Free Hugs with tens of thousands of people from (at least) 89 countries. Everyone who has ever offered to share a hug, handshake, fist bump, wave, smile, car honk, etc. has gifted us with a tremendous act of kindness. It's been just over a year since we had to pause, and we miss it every day. But if you need a hug in your day, start here: http://bit.ly/FREEHUGSVIC 🫂 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3036-snow
Pastry Chef Releases New Cookbook Celebrating Grassroots Adventure of Sharing Baked Goods with Essential Workers during Pandemic$With World Baking Day coming up on May 19, New York City Pastry Chef Tracy Wilk has released #BakeItForward, a new cookbook highlighting the grassroots adventure of spreading joy, kindness and sprinkles of hope by sharing baked goods with essential workers during the COVID-19 pandemic.  Featuring 25 recipes and baking tips, “#BakeItForward” also includes inspirational stories from bakers around the world that joined in on this movement of giving, as well as frontline workers that were brought a little happiness through these acts of baking kindness. “Being in the kitchen makes me happy; it emits a sense of calm where love is shown with a plate of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies,” said Wilk.  “When I gravitated to the kitchen, as so many of us did!, during the height of the pandemic, it was a safe space for me.  As I continued to bake and couldn’t eat it all, I decided to share it with essential workers, including postal service workers, grocery store clerks, nurses, doctors and firefighters, to make their days a little brighter, a little sweeter.  Realizing we are stronger when we work together, the grassroots social campaign to #bakeitforward spread around the country, with fellow bakers coming together to say a simple thank you during this difficult time.” Recipes featured in “#BakeItForward” are user-friendly and feature a difficulty rating scale of 1 to 3.  Broken into four sections – Cookies, Morning Treats, Bars and Bites and Little Celebrations, - recipes include Sprinkle Some Joy Cookies, Homestyle Cinnamon Rolls, My Dad’s Favorite Brownies, Amped-Up Rice Krispie Treats, Classic Yeast Doughnuts and NYC-Style Challah.  The book also includes a tutorial on baking ingredients, tools, simple baking skills and Chefs Notes with tips and tricks for recipe success. “My goal with this initiative and ultimately, the cookbook, is to satisfy the hunger we all have to connect,” added Wilk.  “Some days we all need a reminder that when life gets to be too much for ourselves or others, sometimes a lot can be solved with a warm cookie.” #BakeItForward is available at major online retailers including Amazon and Barnes & Noble.  The hardcover book retails for $35.00, with a portion of the proceeds benefitting City Harvest. With the clock on to May 19, perhaps this story will help spread some kindness, good news and inspire people to #bakeitforward in honor of World Baking Day! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3035-pastry-chef-releases-new-cookbook
Supporting Law Enforcement$My oldest (8) wants to be a police officer when he grows up. As a mother, I gave my husband my concern for his safety when he gets older, and if he chooses to pursue that career. We both have veterans in our families and law enforcement officers. We also faced a tragedy in our city back on August 3, 2019. When tragedy struck, all faces of law enforcement, from the neighboring state to army P.D. came to help our citizens in need, even those who were off duty. To show our support and gratitude, my husband has begun this tradition, and he involves my children in it, where whenever we go to Walmart, we go to the McDonald's and give the local police officer stationed there a meal.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3034-supporting-law-enforcement
When my sister drowned and  i  saved her $When my little sister drowned i  saved her and  she was only 3 years old when she drowned i jump to save her $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3033-when-my-sister-drowned-and
A Kind Guy (one of my favourite people)$I was in a room, a familiar guy that I like walked in, saw me smiling, he said that I am a good ''missy'', and that I am happy and smart. I really love that compliment! It was a good memory! Good memories make me happy! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3032-a-kind-guy-one-of
A Kind Girl$I once accidently dropped a book, and a girl picked it up and gave it back to me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3031-a-kind-girl
How to clear your mind from past hurts$1. Count to 100 or more. 2. Exercise and walk 3. Take deep breaths 4. Do something else you love, such as doing something creative or listening to your favourite music. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3030-how-to-clear-your-mind
p$rip prince philly we'll miss u xx 😩 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3029-p
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
A New Friend and a Good Day$The new kid at school was quiet and kept to herself. A lot of people were quite mean to her so whenever I caught her smiling I'd tell her how pretty she was and she'd smile even wider and then make me smile and it always made my day. She smiles all the time now and is a good friend of mine. We tell people they have pretty smiles whenever we can. You right there, the one reading this, I think you have a pretty rad smile :D $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3028-a-new-friend-and-a
A Kind Heart$I was once sitting on a bench near the park behind my home. It was then that a poor lady came  and sat beside me. She had brought lunch with her too.  “Are you hungry?”She asked me. I couldn’t believe my ears. “You can have some if you want. I have brought 2 chapatis with me. We can share.” She said.  It took several seconds for me to respond.There she was, taking short breaths as she was tired after doing such intense physical work but still ready to part her lunch with me. My heart is still filled with warmth as I write this.She introduced kindness to me. It is not necessary that one should be rich and have spare things to donate them to the needy. One can be poor and still have a kind heart. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3027-a-kind-heart
A manager goes shows his kindness$Hello my name is Ernestine Hayward I am disabled in a wheelchair and I am caring for a two year old girl who is the apple of my eye I ordered some food from Mama Lou's and they messed up all night long the manager went beyond answering and handling the problem he showed up here tonight at my home with the food and my money and apologize for the error that they had made he did not have to do this but he did and he's a very young man trying to make a living thank God for this manager me and the little one wouldn't have ate tonight and I wouldn't have money in my hands if it wasn't for him $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3026-a-manager-goes-shows-his
Grocery Help$i halp mom with grocers $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3024-grocery-help
plying for grocies$the nicest thing that someone has done was paying for my stuff at the store. It was on a Tuesday a couple weeks ago it was at yolks. I was getting pasta candy energy drinks and food for dinner. While I was waiting in line, the guy ahead of me said that I could go ahead of him and then the other guy ahead of me paid for my stuff and so i did the same. The guy behind me had candy for his grandkids and I paid for it and I hope he kept the line going . that made my day because well he spent $90 on someone he didn't know. And that is a random act of kindness that happened to me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3021-plying-for-grocies
Writing Kind Quotes$I like writing kind quotes, it really helps. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3020-writing-kind-quotes
Do the things you love$I like doing the things I love because it really makes me happy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3019-do-the-things-you-love
Life changing kindness$The cashier at the cafeteria were I work was always full of kindness and showed to every person in the check out line. One day I heard she has intestinal cancer. I was moved to pray for her so much, becasue of her kindness. One morning, driving to work, praying for her, I saw a vision of 6 people holding hands around her. Once at work, went to cafeteria to get coffee. I saw the kind cashier, and told her of my vision. She told me I was the 6th person to tell her the same thing. My life was changed, by God's love thru her.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3018-life-changing-kindness
being kind$when i was in mexico i saw a lot of kids that havent been eating and i gave them my food. my mom gives the poor people clothes and stuff and food they need. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3017-being-kind
Beauty Comes from Ashes:$My name is Lilly. I am a single mom of an autistic 19 year old. I have been through the fire and in the heap of ashes. I made some bad choices that affected my life . But God had always planted kindness in my heart. I always wanted to help victims of trauma.  I am now forming a grass roots project where my love can shine and where my Faith can reflect like rays of sun.  I want to touch the hearts of trauma impacted Mothers and Daughters . I like sending them Christian gifts and cosmetics and help them build their careers as a means of self sufficiency. I have a team of four women who have also been in the ashes and have made a life of beauty. They help me spread the love and the kindness. We are an army rising up of Kindness warriors. Thank you for reading. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3015-beauty-comes-from-ashes
MY random act of kindness is this story here $me and my friend found a leaf and a spider was inside we didn't know that and it bit my friend and I asked if he was ok and he was fine but it hurt a lot he said: so we went inside and bandaged up his thumb                                                                            that was my story of random acts of kindness                                                                                    also kind of a random story of my life to                                         hope you enjoyed :3 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3012-my-random-act-of-kindness
Kindness Flowers$Hi lovely ones, 6 years ago when I was at a low point I chose kindness.  I asked myself what would I like to receive in my life right now?  Flowers I thought!  Flowers always make me feel happy.  So I bought flowers, decorated jars and made labels and popped them around my community randomly.  The response was magical!  The messages I received warmed my heart, lifted my spirit and gave me purpose.  I was now lifting others by my small acts, wow!  I still do this every fortnight, 6 years on.  It still fills my heart as much as it did that first day!  I still get butterflies in my tummy as I leave the flowers around - Kindness is truly amazing!! Xxx $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3011-kindness-flowers
Letters From Uncle Louie members$The pandemic and 2020 left a lot of us struggling, with fear, loneliness, worry. I found myself in July suffering from newfound health anxiety. I remembered when I help others, I’m healed in return. How could I help others when volunteering is not allowed.  I came up with an idea. To write letters to nursing homes to make seniors smile. It’s simple, yet profound. I remembered an elderly couple I visited as a child, and named the group Letters From Uncle Louie after the elderly man I once called Uncle Louie.  What happened next changed everything. People from across the globe signed up to write to seniors, without expecting anything in return. We currently write to 10 homes in the USA and the UK. A few friends old and new helped us grow and run the group. The members of the group, the directors of the homes all leave me speechless with their unconditional kindness. One person can come up with an idea, but it takes a team to make it come to reality. I’m humbled and in awe of their kindness and always inspired to do more.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3010-letters-from-uncle-louie-members
Generations of kindness$My mom taught my sisters and I to help others whenever possible and to always treat others with kindness. It is a lesson I've carried close to my heart, practiced it every day, and have passed it onto my own children. I've taught them kindness comes in many forms and I'm proud to say they don't let any opportunity to be kind escape them. Whether it's donating their toys to underprivileged children, using their birthday money to donate to charity, or simply listening to and being there for others. I couldn't be prouder of the three of them. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3009-generations-of-kindness
MY RANDOM ACT OF KINDNESS$I was walking down the street when a woman feel over and dropped all her stuff she was carrying first I asked if she was ok then I helped her up also I picked up her stuff to help her out and that was MY RANDOM ACT OF KINDNESS.    $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3006-my-random-act-of-kindness
The Kindness Rock$I was going out for a walk in the green cool moving grass, then I tripped on a something. There I see was a rock, now a normal looking rock. It was a kind rock.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3005-the-kindness-rock
store money$I was just finished going to the store with my mom only, and we heard some REALLY GOOD MUSIC. We thought that it was someone's radio until when we went to our car, a man was playing the music! There was a sign behind the man that my mom told me to give him a dollar and see what the sign was. I gave him the dollar and this is what the sign said: Pls give me money I have no money to feed my 3 children. I was just standing there looking at the sign till my mom told me to get back in the car. I got in the car and I told my mom what the sign said. She said OK and was getting ready to leave and I opened the car door and gave the man 50 dollars. He said thank you so much and I was so happy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3004-store-money
THE SHOP AGAINST CANCER$People can do normal acts of kindness, like helping his grandfather, his grandmother, but not all the people can do with our friends and us. 3 years ago all of us wanted to help study cancer, so we organised a little “shop” of old toys that we were not used to winning money to gived to the investigation of cancer.  Every Friday we went to a children's park to sell them. Every friday we were collecting more money for the people who needed it. get enough money to treat a sick child, but in the end everything with effort is achieved.  we finally got 350 and the toys that we do not sell we gave to the children who cannot buy toys. Thanks to us the investigation is growing up! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3003-the-shop-against-cancer
Comforting$My mon is the person who inspires me to be a better person. She is one of the kindness women that I know. She always thinks about others and sometimes even end up forgetting about herself. I had a friend that passed through a lot at school, she was always crying over something and even tho I'm not good with words (not at all) I tried to make her feel better. I told her that she shouldn't care about what other people think about her, that she was smart enough to not listen to what they said. We Unfortunately don't talk to each other anymore, but I don't regret a single thing of what I said to her, cause sometimes I feel like her too and I know how left out you can feel. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3001-comforting
Let someone find money in a store$Once i went grocery shopping and decided to makes someone's day a bit better. So  i left a 20 € bill with a post-it note saying "today is your lucky day"  One of the worker found it, looked around and decided to help someone with their grocery shopping, giving them the 20 € bill. It filled me with so much joy $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3000-let-someone-find-money-in
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
The day where I helped an old man $Lol  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2999-the-day-where-i-helped
Love my Parents!$Every morning I notice how hard my parents work to make me food. I really wanted to help them somehow and show them that I am very thankful. I decided to make them breakfast. I made some pancakes, scrambled eggs, and a fruit salad. I do not know how to cook like my parents, but I tried my best. I even wrote very nice notes saying I love them so much and that I'm thankful to them! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2998-love-my-parents
Act of kindness$Someone drop there stuff on the floor and i help them pick some of the stuff up it’s a act of kindness  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2997-act-of-kindness
kindness will stay forever $The was a time when me and my friends was  walking  and we saw a an elder  trying to carrying their bags my friends didn't know what  to do  so they went to go and find a adult to help the elder when they were doing that  i went to  help the  elder with their bags and get them in the thier car $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2996-kindness-will-stay-forever
Love my Job$When the pandemic hit people lost jobs every where and they where not able to go to the store  or anything. I still was able to travel back and forth because I am a PCA for my family members.  So I would help others that could not travel to the store because their family member is sick or they had the virus or just had no way. One day a message came across my phone that said you can earn income for shopping for others. Of course I did what I did for free and I still need to earn money as well. So I started working delivering or shopping for others. Some of my customers are so thrilled to have some go to the store and shop for them. I often feel a little guilty for not being even shop when I am tired but I try to do as much as I can daily. I take proud in letting them them all know that are all awesome and to enjoy their day. It is not a part of my job to tell them this but I do it any way. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2995-love-my-job
Kindness$Wants upon a time there was a little girl who lived with her grandma and her dad came and then they were eating and right after they were done eating the dad dosideit he wold stay over in the morning the dad dosideit he would live with them forever so he sold his house the dad did that so his 👨‍👩‍👧 would be filled with joy the end😇😊 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2994-kindness
Not everyone has the same "normal"$My Mother works with the mentally disable.  She has a lot of different people that she serves.  Sometimes they come to our house when she is working with them and we all might go out to the store or to eat and a lot of people stare when they make a funny noise or do something that doesn't make sense. They cant help some of the things they do so when it would happen i would try to do something to help the situation not look so awkward. like grab there hand and make funny noises with them and start dancing and they would smile and dance with me and not feel like they did something wrong or socially inappropriate for our normal. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2993-not-everyone-has-the-same
kindness will stay forever $I remember when I was little there was a man who had trouble with carrying a lot of stuff my friends didn't know what to do so the went to get help , But when they left I went  to the an and helped with some heavy  stuff he had $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2992-kindness-will-stay-forever
Helping someone pick up there things $me & my auntie was at the grocery store around shopping. When this lady had a hand full of items . Standing in line one slipped so they all slipped &so I decided too help her pick up her stuff $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2990-helping-someone-pick-up-there
help my mom and brother $what i’m going to do for kindness is that i will be helping my mom at her work place or that i will help my brother with picking up stuff from work. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2989-help-my-mom-and-brother
I love my family $I love how my family helps me when I need them and I can call them for everything  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2988-i-love-my-family
Helping out$We are in Cornwall and loads of kind things happen here. Alex helps his grandfather load the wood cart and his grandfather always says “WOW!” (Probably because it’s a HUGE cart). Kevin likes that his friend Jenn helps him go shopping for clowns in thrift stores all over. (Not the scary kind of clown).  And Matt helps his grandmother load the groceries in the car by opening up the trunk.  Small kindnesses make a big impact!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2987-helping-out
The case on the beach$When I was 4-5 years old, my family went to rest at the sea. It was Turkey or Greece. I don't remember. My family settled down and went swimming. But they  didn't let me in, the weather was bad. I was walking along the beach and did not notice that I had moved very far. I was very scared and burst into tears. But people from the nearest restaurant found me. They called the police and that's how my parents met me. I am very grateful to the people who helped me. Thanks to them. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2986-the-case-on-the-beach
how i helped a homeless person$i gave a homeless person some money $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2985-how-i-helped-a-homeless
The best mom I could ask for !!$My mom left me and my sibleings for some guy , my sisters and me had no idea how to do hair or other stuff my dad did not know . My dad started dating a woman named Dawn .  For a year know she has helped us learn stuff our dad could not teach . She is the best . We are so thankful .          Thank you Dawn  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2984-the-best-mom-i-could
Knights in shining armour$Huge thanks to DM Builders who helped me today at Wickes, Wakefield. Initially, they kindly offered to help me put the sheet of plasterboard into my car but once they realised it wouldn’t safely fit, they put it in their truck and delivered it to my home.   Knights in shining armour helping out a damsel in distress. Random kindness from strangers 😊 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2983-knights-in-shining-armour
You can't take it with you$I worked jobs where I made alot of money. Enough weekly that I had all I needed. And ine day a homeless man came up to me and asked for a dollar, I made enough to five much more then a dollar. So I reached into my pocket and all I had was $100 bills. Alot. So I gave it one and said God Bless you in whatever battle your fighting(if he spent it on beer, that wasn't my business, he lives in a box and weighed about 90 pounds, so he deserves a break, and I am the judge of no man) TO MY UTTER AMAZEMENT!!!! This man with nothing to his name but his old bag chased after me and said "Sir, Sir I think you made a mistake this is a $100 bill" so I said "you're right I did" and I gave him another one. My Dad always gets on my case about giving to the less fortunate. But that day in sunny Florida thst Unknown Man restored my faith in humanity. He could have ran ro the nearest liquor store or drug dealer. But he didn't.  "PEOPLE ARE CAPABLE OF THE KINDEST ACTS AND AT THE SAME TIME THE WORSE, I PREFER THE FORMER". I will give until I have nothing left to give. I hoped this helped people realise how kind even the most unkind person looks. Never Judge.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2981-you-cant-take-it-with
Apples$I was at the grocery store, and I went in without thinking I’d need a cart. I was picking up some food that my mom had asked me to get, and after getting almost everything my hands were full. So I’m standing in front of the apples, looking pretty dumb as I try and adjust everything in my hands so that I can grab them. I had passed this girl earlier in the store, and I’d only remembered her because I thought she looked like my friends sister. Anyways, that same girl, couldn’t have been older than 13-14, came over and helped me get the apples and she made sure I was able to hold everything without dropping it. I thanked her and said I really appreciated the help. She went back to her mother and I could hear her happily saying “mom I helped her!! I helped her get her apples!” And I don’t know, it just felt really wholesome. She didn’t have to help me, but she did, and I think the fact that she was so purely happy about it is what made me think about this story.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2979-apples
SuperKindness In Action$   I was going to eat out one night with my friends, but when I arrived, I realized I had forgotten money. As all of my friends began ordering food, I stood there awkwardly, until a woman I hardly even know, realizing my predicament, walked over and bought me an entire meal and paid for it all. It's a real joy to know that there are still some good people out there, even if they seem to be hiding. It really inspired me and helped me to realize that simple acts of kindness like these ARE appreciated.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2978-superkindness-in-action
Spread of word changed the wellbeing of a family$I remember the days when I looked out of my hostel's room window and saw a “street vendor’s family” struggling to look after 2 kids everyday.  A few days passed and one day I was just walking by their tent (where a family of 4 lives) and strike a  conversation with the mother.  As I was a development studies student, I was always curious to learn more about people's livelihood . She was very humble and always had a smiling face. I asked her what do you do and what does your husband do? And what age are your kids and what are they studying currently?  While she was cooking food for her family, before the sun set (as they have no electricity and it gets dark after 6:30 pm) she was answering all my questions patiently and with a peaceful smile. Most of her answers were revolving around the husband and his every day struggles.  She goes like this  “My husband is a mobile vendor and carry's the food basket over his shoulder throughout the day and it's very painful to see me like that, but we have no choice, we have to feed our kids and send them to good schools, hoping that they will not face these struggles one day” (she weeps) “He  spends his whole day roaming around the city” “ He makes a wide range of snacks from his food basket, his main dish is Bhel puri (it's a famous street food in India)” “He carries a 30 kg basket from 11 am to 11 pm around the streets of Bangalore (a city in India).”  “His basket has been our only source of income for more than 10 years for our family ,We know it's so tough and  tiring, but it is my only source of income, what else can we do? we have no choice nor a skill” “I always wished for my children so I am sending them to school and they will look after me in a few years” As she was talking and completed her cooker, she was so kind enough to offer me some food, i was astonished and surprised how some people have very little for themselves but still want to share with others. She said “its my sons birthday we made Sabudana vada(its an Indian dish), it's his favorite” Once I ate the “Vada” I was amazed by the taste and left with tears in my eyes.  The day I came back to my hostel and realized how hand life is for some people and I wished I could do something for her.  I enquired few of my classmates who were staying in the flat, if they needed a cook. A few of them responded in a few days. I was so happy to inform her if she will be willing to cook for 3 students in a nearby place and they were offering a good amount for cooking lunch and dinner for the students.  The moment I told her this news, her eyes lit like firecrackers and she hugged me out of happiness. A few months passed by and she updated me that now she is sending sons to a private school (which is a big deal in India) and her husband is working less hours because there is another source of income in their family. This made me realize how small “Act of kindness” can change a family's well being.  - Anjali Naidu  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2977-spread-of-word-changed-the
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
The Great Trombone Encouragement$The decade of 2020 has been rough. This two-part disaster film has had its ups and downs, but one of the biggest stress relievers for any good lad is marching band, or so we thought. Turns out the stress from 2020 carried over into marching band. As the Trombone section leader, I was supposed to make sure that the section of ten trombone players was always happy and getting their things done. While I was skilled in getting things done, the enthusiasm was lacking. I don't deserve full credit for this. One of the band captains, my friend Matthew, was also in the section. We worked together to come up with many ways to get people inspired, including a chant, mentorship, and just overall having fun, and it worked. By the end of the marching season, we went from a dozen high school kids to a family of sorts. :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2976-the-great-trombone-encouragement
Family Related Story$We're all used to joking around and being intentionally mean to our siblings because, well, they're our siblings. But that doesn't mean that we're allowed to bully our siblings as much as we want all day long. Recently, I've reflected at how I acted and decided to relax a bit. I realized that they didn't wear that smile they wore every time I made those cruel sibling jokes. Being the child that I was, I didn't take that as a red flag. All I wanted was a reaction out of them. So, for a while, I acted a bit out of control. I wasn't nice or kind, and I realize that now. I've taken more time to treat them how I would want to be treated, and to back up. My sibling's now talking to me more, but it's not 100% filled with sarcastic comments. The main reason for this paragraph is to remind others to not take their relationships for granted. We could just keep up the act just because it's funny, but we should really take time to appreciate those close to us.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2975-family-related-story
Lunch $I've been having my lunch, when I saw a homeless entering the resto, asking for a water to drink, the restore give him a water to drink and that's nice to see.  After my lunch,  I packed my extra food and when I am at the door, I handed it to the homeless and told him, it is for your lunch as well and have a nice day ahead, say goodbye. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2974-lunch
Volunteering at Elmhurst York Pantry$Masonic Pilipinas Lodge #1180, a new partner of EYFP, have been volunteering at the pantry one Saturday a month. During their last shift on February 13, they came bearing food and monetary donations as well. Thank you for supporting our community. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2973-volunteering-at-elmhurst-york-pantry
Food for thought$I was at the local mall. After buying a couple of things a man walks up to me and says "Can I ask you a question?" I was on guard instantly. He said " I got some food from my boss, would you like some?" Thinking it was a scam, i replied, truthfully " Sorry bro, but I'm broke." he said "No, no, I didn't mean it that way. It's free, I got it for free and I'll never eat it all. Too many people go hungry." I followed him back to his car and He gave me a 5 pound bag of cinnamon buns.  I told him he was a gentleman and a scholar and a man among men. I don't know if the first 2 statements were true, but the last was certainly true. He was a man among men. The world needs more men like him. those cinibuns could be the difference between me eating the last couple days of the month or not.  May Gaia guide guide you and may the forest lord guard all the days of your life. Blessed Be. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2970-food-for-thought
Sneaking in...$Hi when I went to visit my friend who had a daughter I saw that she was out of groceries. She was struggling and I knew that she needed help. Yep I was nosy. So while she was out I went to the store and bought a bunch of groceries. I snuck in her house with the key she gave me. And put the groceries up. I denied all knowledge of what I did. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2969-sneaking-in
My parent's are in my mind$My parent's are the best. They would do anything for me they are very important in  life. The most important it is a secure and solid pillar of my life. They teach and influence me to do right things, to go on the right path which has left me to remember the time when I had great difficulty and stress with my exams (sats) . I always used to start crying not knowing weather I would pass or fail but they always used to back me up help and explain me what I would never know without them . I used to get agitated all the time when I  didn't understand something especially in maths but luckily my mum was an expert and my dad was a ' teacher ' for English so when I got the hang of everything I would laugh at the thought of crying anymore. When I went in for the sats I was really brave I passed with standard . For me that was very good. The only reason I am what I am today is because of them . No one else . Thankyou to them I am in a great situation in life . I hope they last a long life. That act of kindness meant a lot to me sometimes when I think of that time I get emotional or I end up laughing with joy . I love them a lot. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2968-my-parents-are-in-my
Happy children$Hi, my name is Lisa. I am 13. At the beginning of last week we started a period of good deeds, because February 17 in many countries marks the Day of Random Acts of Kindness. One of our deeds was to visit the children's rehabilitation center. There are children with mental disorders or children from disadvantaged families. I was happy because I hadn't seen them for a long time, and I wanted to talk and play with them. But, in addition to the games, our aim was to take pictures of children, and then print these photos, and give to children. So, that day came, we went to the rehabilitation center and along the way created a plan with games. As we went inside, I felt a slight excitement as I wondered, how we would interact. We took turns going through the classes. There was no class that would not be happy to meet us! We had fun, played games, the faces of the children showed that they are sincerely happy! And we took pictures of children with toys, and soon they will have their own photos. I am very pleased that I have the opportunity to do good and support people who need it. Do good, it will definitely come back to you! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2967-happy-children
The 45 Stones $The 45 Stones “Every little help creates stepping stones of success.” Sometimes, the person who comes in your most trying moment is not the person you expect at all. I grew up in West Africa as a middle child of eight children in a society where girl education was considered a liability.  As I look back into my life, many people had a hand in shinning the light on the stepping stones that shaped my future success. I just finished high school, and my school principal met with my parents to appeal to them to make sure that I go to the University. As the deadline to purchase the form approached, my hope began to fade away. One day I was in an open market with my mother when I heard someone call my name. I turned to behold my high school teacher. She was beaming with smiles as I ran to hug her. She quickly asked me which University I selected as my first choice in the college entrance exam. My heart dropped. As the best student in high school and second-best WAEC(West African Examination Council) result in the State, taking my college entrance exam was expected. I quickly explained that we were still putting together funds to buy JAMB(Joint Admission & Matriculation Board) form. With a sense of urgency in her voice, she said the deadline was fast approaching, dipped her hand in her purse, and rummaged for over a minute to bring up crumbled notes that she straightened and added up to forty-five Naira(about 12 cents today). Tears welled up in my eyes as I thanked her profusely for this unexpected kindness. I made her a promise, a promise to pay back. She told me it was a gift to buy the form that day and made me promise to pass the exam. That day also, I promised to do random acts of kindness with the little I have, and as often as I could, when opportunity presents itself. That way, my teacher’s thoughtful service may go far. She invested in me, not out of an abundance of wealth but service to another. It was an encounter that significantly changed my life. I have tried so many times to explain what a moment like this did for my family and myself, what it will mean to a little girl watching from home. That money did not just buy my College entrance exam form, It lit my candle, and I led the way for my whole family to Step-UP. •	It gave me access to knock on doors, and some of them would open because I was there to ask. •	As a first-generation graduate, her act of benevolence helped my family get out of poverty. •	It was hard, and sometimes it was painful. It took early marriage and a whole community for me to fund my way through the University, all of which I am deeply grateful for. I have partnered with Global Education Drive and other organizations to help other families get ahead by educating their first students.  Why? •	Because I am always looking for the next little girl or boy who dares to become the First Super-Star of their Family. •	Because I believe that every child has dreams and aspirations of who they want to be if only someone would help light their candle, then they can rise and knock on doors of opportunities, so they too and their family can Step-Up. The number one question I get asked is this: What if they get admission and cannot pay their school fees? My answer is simple: Please do the little you can make today. A determined first star will always find good help to stand out and Step-UP. If my teacher had wondered If her N45(about 12cents) grant would be enough, If she had not placed that 45 stones for me to stand on, I genuinely believe my life story would have been different today. Thank you. Amaka Chike-Oduh is an Author, Clinical Pharmacist and Drug-Induced Diseases Prevention Specialist. www.amakachike.com, globaledudrive.org.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2966-the-45-stones
snow day $I hae alot of  elderly neighbors in their sixties and high so me and my aunt  both said  why dont we help the elderly neighbors and  shovel their drive lanes and steps  so they dont fall and hurt them or break a bone and i did not ask for any money. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2965-snow-day
Helping a injured senior cover his fare home $My parents were both in severe car accident on Valentines day 2021 both were admitted to Sarasota Memorial hospital. My mother was admitted but my father was discharged late that evening after being seen in the ER. He had none to pick him up quickly,  so he  asked a front desk security guard  to call a local taxi company to take him home. When he didn't have enough cash in his wallet for the fare,  the guard took $20 out his pocket and said "this should cover the rest, you just take it and get home safely and don't worry about giving it back"  a  true random act of kindness to 74 year old senior try to get home.   Thank you who you are from a grateful daughter and wife!  God Bless you!   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2963-helping-a-injured-senior-cover
Being Kind is Cool$Before Covid-19 I would go around and tell people that they are cool (just at school ,not strangers). I know this might not seem such a big act of kindness but some people might really had needed it. No matter how big or small an act of kindness is, someone else will really appreciate it. :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2962-being-kind-is-cool
Helping a coworker $One of my coworkers had a daughter who was sick in the hospital. She was losing her hair and the doctors struggled to find out what was wrong. To help my coworker I made her and her family baked ziti and bought the daughter some cute headbands she could wear. My coworker and her daughter were so thankful. I still have the card and photos oh her daughter in the hospital wearing her headband! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2961-helping-a-coworker
Helping my neighbor$My neighbor broke her leg and I was wanted to give her some flowers but didn't not have any money, however, I cooked her a home-cooked meal. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2960-helping-my-neighbor
Mom$My mom passed away from breast cancer and I comforted her on her last days $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2959-mom
me trying to remain positive$once upon a time there was a little boy named lb one day he was doing virtual school stuff and he got really stressed about it during science class and he cried and complain his grandparents complained about him but he is trying to remain positive every single day including today which is exactly what I'm doing right now the end $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2958-me-trying-to-remain-positive
Absent no problem$One day i was in school and someone in my class was absent their pencil box fell out of their desk and materials splattered out. I rushed over to the other side of the room and put all the materials back. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2957-absent-no-problem
My sister$One day my sister was crawling a little but then I helped her crawl more for she can learn more. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2955-my-sister
Doing your Part$Everyone can be kind and everyone has a part to play. But how do you find your part. Well, you can think of what you can do that others can't or are just unwilling to do. For me, that's computers. Then you can take that and find how you can use it to help. For example, teaching others or being "tech support" in this virtual world. It doesn't take much, just be kind and make the world a better place, one step at a time. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2954-doing-your-part
Nick Nice$One day nick was playing a game with his friend Jaxon and then  they wanted to go out side and play  football. It has been a 3 hours later and they were still together and then a big bully came up and said to nick that if he did not give him his football in one day he would do something really really bad to Jaxon so he said yes he will  and it was 7:00 that night  as nick said night to his mom  he was so scared to go to bed because he did not want the bully to  come up to him nd be really rude to Jaxon  the next day nick and Jaxon meet where they were going to meet the bully when the bully showed up he gave him a fake football! as they walked away they found  out that it was not nice to bully back but it was to ,ate so nick and Jaxon made a no bully club and it has so many people in it that want to stop bulling. so please  be one to stop bulling! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2953-nick-nice
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
A Small Gift $One time my friend was having a really bad week,  and it happened to also be testing week. She was getting really stressed so I decided to buy her a few small gifts throughout the rest of the week. So each day if she was having a hard time, I'd give her a small chocolate/candy, or a nice note. I still do this when ever she is feeling bad and it always makes her smile when  I give them to her.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2951-a-small-gift
Community Helper$I know my mom has been stressing out with these times now.  She helps out the community a lot I wrote her a letter that shes caring, smart, and brave and reasons why she is because she should've got some credit. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2950-community-helper
.$................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2949-
kindness$It all started when a person was sad because his friend broke up with him. I talked to him and told him it is okay and everything will be fine. And I told him this. "I want you to know that whatever happens to you, you will always value the same. No matter what, I want you to share this message with people whenever they're sad. And he invited me to play games with him and he started to become happy $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2948-kindness
The time I helped someone with homework$So I was in class and someone didn't know how to do something on the homework so he asked me for help so I helped him $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2947-the-time-i-helped-someone
The day my dad came to cheer me up$When I played with my mom and dad I was a little girl and my bro was born and I was 5 years old and they only played with my little bro and I was sad but then my dad came to cheer me up. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2946-the-day-my-dad-came
My kindness story $I help my grandma when she needs help, make someone smile,hug someone and say i say thank you when someone help me,someone gives me something.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2945-my-kindness-story
Giving a random person a gift$I was outside, watering the plants for my grandparents. I heard a little girl crying outside, she was crying and then walked back in her house with tears still rolling down her cheeks. I didn't think much at first, but then I decided to write her a small card. I wrote a thank you letter to her and her family since I've seen them working hard over the years. I put the card on their doorstep and before I knew it, they appeared at my door and thanked me. That day will never be forgotten.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2944-giving-a-random-person-a
I helping my grandma with the groceries.$I stopped watching television for a second and went outside to help my grandma get the groceries out of the car and she smiled at me and gave me a hug after we were done. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2943-i-helping-my-grandma-with
When I help my mom$So it was a Saturday or a Sunday I don't know but I helped my mom make breakfast for my family. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2942-when-i-help-my-mom
The bike fall$I was riding my bike and fell on gravel and this man and woman came up to me and said "are you okay?" They pored water on my skin and got a napkin. They helped me up and I rode away.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2941-the-bike-fall
I helped my family $I helped my brother with his work. I help my mom by listening to her. I help my dad by reminding him to get something  when we go to a store $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2940-i-helped-my-family
The time I helped my grandma $One day I was at my grandma house and I helped her water her plants  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2939-the-time-i-helped-my
when i help someone$so i was in school and then my friend fell and i helped her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2938-when-i-help-someone
Giving a gift$I gave my friend a gift. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2937-giving-a-gift
When I help my mom$So it was a Saturday or a Sunday I don't know but I helped my mom make breakfast for my family. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2936-when-i-help-my-mom
that one friendly chat$i am a 4th grader and this is how i befriended mt neighbors one time a neighbor got my ball and we became fiends but turns out he knew another neighbor then  me and my brother saw two more neighbors then we became all friends $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2935-that-one-friendly-chat
The time i cheered up my mom.$My mom was sad in her bed crying and i heard her so i went over to her and gave her a big cuddly hug and laid with her for about five minutes. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2934-the-time-i-cheered-up
Helping ! :)$After school time I help my grandma cook, And I play with my sister! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2933-helping
the time that helped a friend out$these boys were being mean they took away this boy's ball and they started kicking it around I came in and I catched it and I gave it to him $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2932-the-time-that-helped-a
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
i helped my dads moto bike.$this week I filled the gas tank in my dads moto bike (also mine) without him asking me.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2931-i-helped-my-dads-moto
Be kind and help other people who need help. :)$One time my sister was sad and she could not find her stuff and i helped here and she was happy that I helped her find something. =3 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2930-be-kind-and-help-other
Saying Thank You!$When my parents give me food or when my brother goes to get food for me, I always say "Thank you" $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2929-saying-thank-you
I helped my sister.$When my sister was sad because she wanted me to play with her, but I was busy doing stuff. But I felt kinda bad for her, so I took a break. She got cheered up and I felt good again. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2928-i-helped-my-sister
A smile$I smiled at a person and he smiled back at me.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2927-a-smile
Examples of Random Acts of Kindness$I've seen some acts of kindness that have inspired me to do them, but I haven't, but someday I will. I want to share some ways we, as a community, can do Random Acts of Kindness.    Example 1: Greet someone with a smile. Have you seen anyone having a bad day? Don't avoid them, cheer them up. Something as simple as saying hello can make someone's day.    Example 2: Show your appreciation. Do you realize what others sacrifice for you? Some people don't get as many things as you have, so it's best to show your appreciation.    Example 3: Donations. In Example 2, you know that you may have more things than others do, so donating the things you don't use can make a difference for others.    Example 4: Help someone who needs it. Ever seen someone who needs help, like in the store or on the street? Don't just pass by like it's nothing, help them, as you mean it. Doing so makes them feel better and you as well.    Example 5: Cheer someone up. Have you seen kids by themselves on the playground, and watching you and your friends play?  Invite the person to play with you, so then they don't feel lonely. Have you seen someone crying on a bench? Confort the person, and give them something that'll make them smile. There are much more examples on the internet, but these are the 5 examples that came to my mind. Seeing people happy makes me happy as well, it's sort of contagious for me. We can do so much for others, even if it's the simplest thing. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2926-examples-of-random-acts-of
My mom $My mom has been having back pains. So I am decided that I would help around the house more doing chores. Like l put the dishes away more and make my mom‘s bed because she can’t bend over, or stand too long.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2925-my-mom
Mc.Donalds$My grandpa, my sister, and I go to Mc.Donalds together all the time. One time, we saw a homeless man outside that asked someone for money, so that he could buy a sandwich and a drink. Before we left, we went back inside and bought him two sandwiches and the largest drink they had. When we gave it to him, he was so happy. He kept saying "thank you so much" over and over again. Once we left, we we're all so happy that we could make him happy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2924-mc-donalds
Showing Thanks To Our Hard Working Delivery Drivers$I've moved into a new home, so I've been getting a ton of deliveries every other day. I thought about the hard working delivery men and women that come to my door and wanted to show my appreciation for the hard work they all do. My daughter and I went out shopping and bought some snacks, mints and candy along with some water bottles and gift bags. We made as many bags as we could. We also included a piece of literature with an encouraging message from the Bible and shared our website, jw.org on a little sign made especially for our delivery drivers. It made us feel good and they've been enjoying our treats. So we are thankful! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2923-showing-thanks-to-our-hard
Food$Whenever my friends are hungry I always try my best to meet their needs. Whether it’s giving them a piece of mine or giving them money for them to buy food.  I always try to keep them satisfied without a worry of remaining hungry.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2922-food
Sam and the new girl $Once upon a time there was a girl named Sam that was jealous of everyone around her. Sam started to become a bully over time, she called everyone mean names and made fun of them. But one day, a new girl came, and Sam made fun of the new girl unlike the other kids she did not run, cry or show any emotion. Sam was furious, she kept thinking "why isn't she crying?" "why is she unaffected?" Then the next day Sam tried to bully the new girl again, and this time she said it even louder, but again like the day before the new girl showed no emotions. The only thing that the new girl said was "what's wrong?" Sam was so confused by this she screamed "what do you mean, what's wrong?" Then the new girl said "why do you bully people?" And then the new girl gave Sam a hug, and gave her a candy. The new girl said to Sam " you know, you don't have to bully people to feel good about yourself. I have a trick to make friends why don't you try it?" Sam responded skeptically "what trick?" The new girl then said " my trick to make friends is to be kind to everyone." Sam responded " nice? how is someone supposed to be kind, I can't do that!" The new girl said "I'll help you then!" The next day with the help of the new girl Sam said sorry to everyone that she had bullied and had done kind things for them. And that's where Sam figured out that the real meaning of kindness, it's not to make yourself feel better by doing mean things to other people, it by doing nice things to other people which then makes you feel good.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2921-sam-and-the-new-girl
                            be you 👧🏽👦🏽$when you get made fun  of  just walk away and be your self .  many people  try  to change you then  they won  and you lost. when someone is bulling you and hurting you fight back or walk away. IF someone's just  calling you names that's because they are gelise  so just walk away  .   no one will bother you because it doesn't hurt your feelings that's why they bullied you . if you show them that it's hurting you they will keep on going and going and going so be brave trust yourself .  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2919-be-you
Preschool $I go to my mom’s preschool to volunteer. And I help the kids that are scared of certain things. Some kids have mental disabilities so I help them throughout the day. I help go to sleep for nap time and play with them outside so they feel happy.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2918-preschool
I helped someone$I helped someone today by opening the door for them $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2917-i-helped-someone
Smaller Acts of Kindness$I always try to do good for others. Whether it be for a homeless person or someone who loves the beach, I wish everyone the best when they are being kind. For example, I have started doing community service hours more from cleaning the beach to helping create free food boxes. I advise others to their own smaller, random acts of kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2916-smaller-acts-of-kindness
be kind$as a child i was very shy and never really wanted to go out or interact. one day i went to this new place, and i knew nobody. all of the sudden this girl walks up to me and says "hi, youre really pretty. whats your name. " and that completly made my day. we ended up talking for hours and hours and became best friends. now, if that girl was never kind and came up to me in the first place, i have no clue where i'd be today or what my life would've looked like. please be kind :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2915-be-kind
A Random act of Kindness$One day during school hours a friend dropped some books and folders. During the transition time, I passed by and helped a friend in need. I helped pick up his books and folders so he could make it to class on time. Any small act of kindness is bigger than you think. ALways appreciate acts of kindness by other people. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2914-a-random-act-of-kindness
My Neighbor $I have a very young neighbor that I play with every week together because I want to help him learn to have and play with other kids.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2913-my-neighbor
Troubles With The Mail$Some years ago, my mom and I went to pick up a very important package in the mail. When we got to the front desk, after waiting in line, the worker only spoke English. My mom doesn't speak English and I am usually the one that has to provide a rough translation. However, I could not translate my mom's words or the worker's properly.  Then, a kind woman came up from the line and offered to translate for my mom. She explained what the worker was saying to my mom and what my mom was saying to the worker. Everything worked out in the end and we thanked the woman for her act of kindness and apologized to the worker for the delay. Our package was very important and she helped us through a tough situation. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2912-troubles-with-the-mail
Weird Guy $This guy was the weird kid in the school and he was very quiet so i asked him what was wring and he opened up to after that he would always open up to me after that when there was something wrong. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2911-weird-guy
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
KIndness$I held the door open for my peers! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2910-kindness
Comments$When you are walking outside, just state nice comments about someone for example "I like your hair" or "I like your smile". Simple things like that can make someone's day. I usually try to say nice things to make someone's day. This really isn't a story but it something that you can do or laern from. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2909-comments
Eric g$I let my friend Payton borrow My triangle then he got better than me and taught me how to solve it $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2908-eric-g
My kindness others$I went on a trip to Boston and for the entire trip I helped my family and others I didn't know. I hold a door for many people, helped my parents with the luggage, and was nice to my family that let us stay in their house. On the last day we went snowboarding and as I walked to my car I had found 30 dollars on the street.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2907-my-kindness-others
Homeless $There was once a homeless man begging for change on a street, it had been raining all night and nobody was giving him anything. We had just gotten Pollo Tropical and had extra rolls. We have the warm rolls to the man and he greatly appreciated it since it was a hard time for him and this really helped him. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2905-homeless
Burger King$On Friday 2 weeks ago, we were in a drive-through line for Burger King. Me and my brother got milkshakes. When we came to the counter, the cashier told us that the person in front of us had paid for us. She said it had gone on for 6 times. So my mom then paid for the person behind us, making it 7 cars. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2904-burger-king
Lunches$I shared part of my lunch with a kid who wasn't able to get some in time $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2903-lunches
my way of kindness$last year i was in the cafateria eating and there where a group of kids and they were surrounding him and started talking about his shoes so i was stupid enough to follow what they were doing and i said something i shouldn't have said because no matter what it doesnt matter where u get your shoes from so i had to pay the consequences so i had to get lunch detention  and if you got done early with ur lunch u just had to sit there in silence no talking no anything so the next day i said sorry and he excepted it then we became friends and after all that i learned my lesson and never did it again $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2902-my-way-of-kindness
all about kindness$Once there was a little girl she was 8 or 9 years old and there was this one boy and there were other people who were doing this with the girl so everybody started talking about him and then she decided to join and sayed where did you get your shoes from walmart and he told and we all got lunch datention so we couldnt be in the cafateria so we had to eat in the class and if we got done early we would have to just sit there till everybody came back so after that she said to her self i should say sorry so he went up to him and said sorry he excepted it then we became friends so she said to her self i learned my lesson no bullying any more then they lived happyly ever after the end. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2900-all-about-kindness
Thanking our Mail Carrier$We have had some winter weather, but the mail carrier is still going strong! We left a thank you note of appreciation along with a gift card for our mail person today. We included #makekindnessthenorm on the gift card to help encourage the spread of kindness even further!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2897-thanking-our-mail-carrier
when I helped my dad on a garden box$One day my dad was making a garden box for our front yard and I decided to help him. So I helped him and we had a great time. I helped with the measurements and after that I felt great knowing that we finished it and I had helped. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2896-when-i-helped-my-dad
the fun run$Once every year we have this fun run thing at our school. (royal kicks run) and me, my friend and somebody from another class were all running with each other but then somebody in front of us fell and scraped their knee real bad. we were running on a side walk so the gravel get her a rub burn to, The person from the other class and a adult stayed with the girl to keep her calm and try helping, so me and my friend ran as fast as we could to the office to get some paper towels and a ice bag for her. (we were really far away, good thing we took relay that year!) we were able to get the stuff and sprint back to the girl and give it her and help her injury. Thats all of my story! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2895-the-fun-run
Kindness Counts$My story of Kindness: My mom was being very rude about my Dad helping me with my lamp and she thought that he was going to do all the work  for me ( which doesn't happen) and we had this huge “discussion” ( more like argument ) and me and my dad, once we finished my lamp, we started to make her one.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2894-kindness-counts
helping$before covid 19 my friend needed help with thier homework so i helped them and she understood the problem. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2893-helping
when i helped someone out$in third grade this student didn't know English so i helped him get help and understand what he had to do $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2890-when-i-helped-someone-out
When I didn't have anything else to give...$Last year, my elderly neighbor fell and broke her hip and the first thing I was thinking, "maybe nice flowers could brighten her mood" but I had no money for that. However, I was cooking a hot meal for my kids that day and decided to make my neighbor a plate as well. That warmed my heart that she accepted it and I was blessed with her smile!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2888-when-i-didnt-have-anything
my ack of kindness$i gave a carde to some a the hospitle $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2887-my-ack-of-kindness
                          helping is great $  When you help someone you don't know how it feels to them but let me tell you when i help [people] i feel good and they feel better. We all should be kind because if your mean and someone's being mean to you would you like it  NO. So be nice please. I  help out everywhere or even try i even try to help people far far away.   I  love to be kind it keeps my heart happy kids mite be mean to me but my mom and dad says  "just walk away" and you should do that.                                                                            HEARTS ARE EVERYWERE ❤🧡💛💙💚💜🖤💔❣💕💞💓💗💖 💘💝💟💌💢💥👨‍👨‍👧‍👦👨‍👨‍👦‍👦👪👨‍👩‍👦👨‍👩‍👧👨‍👧‍👦👩‍👩‍👦‍👦👨‍👩‍👧‍👧 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2885-helping-is-great
Who is my "one"$One of my "ones" is my pet bunny, Mocha. She makes me feel comfortable, she is always there for me, and she always makes my life a lot better. I pledge to keep her safe and sound in my house and going outside because you never know what she will do next. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2884-who-is-my-one
who is my "one"$My one is my dad because he is always supported and always trying to help. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2883-who-is-my-one
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
A hug that meant everything$My 4 year old grandson noticed I was sad, so he walked over and gave me the most biggest cuddly hug. I said 'Thank you that was very kind of you" :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2881-a-hug-that-meant-everything
Sharing $When I was in kindergarten somebody didn’t had a pencil and I gave them one of mine so they can do the work. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2880-sharing
My great grandparents $My great grandparents are not young they are old. My great grandpa needs help to walk. He uses a walker so when I see he is getting up I take it to him. I also help him by moving things out of way. So he won’t fall. My great grandma likes to cook. So when she cooks I am there to help her through the thing she not need. Also I like to open doors for her when she is carrying hot food. I love my grandparents.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2879-my-great-grandparents
Helping others $One time my cousin was having a very hard time doing his homework so i decided to give him a hand and help him with his assignment $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2878-helping-others
Helping my cousin$One time my cousin got hurt so I went to help him out I brought him to his room and put him in the bed and I gave him  bandages and the next day he was all better the end. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2877-helping-my-cousin
Love from my daughter in Valentines's day$This 2021 was my first divorced Valentine's  day ..... My little 9 year old daughter asked me for 10 pounds, she told me it was for a good cause ...... On Valentine's Day, I found some flowers, a  Heart balloon and a beautiful card that said," Mom, even if you don't have a partner, I want you to know that you are special and I love you with all my heart"  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2876-love-from-my-daughter-in
A stranger paying for our dinner$I had promised to take my friend out somewhere nice to make up for her birthday. I decided to take my friend out to a steakhouse for dinner, since I couldn't buy her anything for her birthday the previous month. We all know steakhouses are very expensive and I had just about $95 in my account. So then the day came, we both got our hair done, did our makeup and put on some cute outfits for a fancy night out. As we headed to the restaurant, a part of me knew that I did not have enough money but I still proceeded with the plan and I had already told my friend that dinner is on me. We arrived at the restaurant which was stunning as always, as you walk in you hear that jazz music in the background and people talking softly as they dine, what a great place to be. The waiter directed us to our table and we sat down, the usual routine. There comes the time to look at the menu and place our orders. When we were looking at the menus, I did a small internal prayer hoping that my friend doesn't order something too expensive or at least something less than $50 which is almost impossible in a steakhouse but she chose a meal that costed about $75 not to mention the drinks and desert (Oh my God what have I put myself into). Right after we placed our order, I knew I was in trouble and so I messaged my mom and asked her to borrow me $100, she said she only had $50 to spare. In just few seconds I received the money, you know how technology work nowadays. We ate the delicious food, drinks, and desert, in my head I already did the calculations and I knew our bill came close to $200 which I did not have. I have no doubt that my friend had some money with her but I did not want to seem broke or anything, although deep down I knew I might have to ask her to help me out. The waiter approached our table with the bill and you won't believe what she told us, these were her exact words that I'll never forget " I have good news for you guys, the couple that was sitting behind you paid your bill" she said. That felt like a miracle, I could not believe it, and so I asked her "but why and did they leave already" she answered and said " yes they left, they said they liked everything about you, the outfits, the bubbliness, taking endless selfies and your foreign language really intrigued them". Unfortunately we couldn't thank them but the waiter said the couple were regular diners therefore we asked her to pass our gratitude to the couple when they return.  And just like that, our night went even better than I anticipated. I don't know about you but I definitely believe in miracles and what happened that night was a miracle. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2875-a-stranger-paying-for-our
Who's Your One?$There are lots of people that I love. I'm not sure exactly who's my "one," but my sweet and friendly cat, Gus, is certainly on the list. He always comes to greet me when I'm doing my remote school, plus he puts a smile on my face every single day. Even though he can be naughty sometimes, I would never replace him. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2873-whos-your-one
A Valentine For Good$Valentine's Day is coming up, and my family is very excited. I want to be kind to my family, because that's what Valentine's Day is all about. I decide to make Valentines for my family. I get out a piece of red construction paper and draw a mountain dragon on it. This one will be for my brother- he loves mountain dragons. Soon, it's time to eat dinner and get some rest. The dragon card isn't done yet, but I know that by getting a good night's sleep, I'll have more energy to finish the card tomorrow. I think about the other cards I'll make... A leaf dragon for my other brother, a mud dragon for my dad, and a rainforest dragon for my mom. I can't wait to finish up the cards and give them to my family on Valentine's day- I'm sure that they'll love them! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2872-a-valentine-for-good
My story of kindness$When a kid was new to my school before quarantine I ate lunch with him and started talking to him, and we were best friends until he moved away. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2871-my-story-of-kindness
Wishing People a good day$Today, I called my aunt. She was really sad so I talked to her and cheered her up. You should always be kind to people no matter up. It will not only make them happy but you too. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2868-wishing-people-a-good-day
The Organization of Storage$My mother's boss wanted our help organizing a storage container. She said that we would get some service hours for scouting. The organizing did not really take too long so we said that we did not have to get the service hours. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2867-the-organization-of-storage
Family Compliments$Everyday, out of the blue, I randomly tell my family compliments. It could be about their clothes, their hair, anything that I can compliment. I want to make them feel happy, so I say nice things about them! It's random, so whenever it's quiet or I'm talking to someone and there is a pause, I try to say a compliment about the family member! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2866-family-compliments
My Bestfriend $One day I was having very bad anxiety, and when I told my friend, she told me she understood my issue and helped calm me down. I also told her a huge secret, and she talked to me about it and told me it was okay. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2865-my-bestfriend
Studying $One time I helped my friend study for a test. They got an A and we got ice cream after. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2864-studying
always be kind$it was a normal day at my old school and i was playing then  i see someone getting bullied so i went to the kid that was being bullied and i went infront of the kid and i told the bully to stop  being mean it is not the right thing to do and the bully said i was right and then nobody in my grade was bullied sense then. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2862-always-be-kind
The Act of Kindness$One time I was kind was when there was someone was bullying a student by tripping him and spilling his lunch. on the 3rd day I knew he was being bullied. the next day I waked with him all the way to his table and when the bully tried to trip him we moved so he couldn't reach. Then once he got to the table I reported the bullying to a teacher. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2858-the-act-of-kindness
The poor cat$One night we found a cat and it wasn't fed  it was homeless and we found some food for the cat to eat and a roof over it head for about half a day and i have an old picture from back in 2017-2018 and i hope that cat is okay and it has a home now but how i feel good about how i treated that cat and how we helped it.  Thank You For Reading This Story $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2857-the-poor-cat
a time i was kind$so there was this one time an old lady dropped her groceries so helped by picking them up for her. and then she said thank you  . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2856-a-time-i-was-kind
my kindness story$one time my brother did not have inuf money to get a play stashon controller so i gave him some money to be able to buy one and he was happy $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2855-my-kindness-story
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Mason helping a dog$I was coming home from grabing food and i saw a stray dog and gave it all of my food that we got and he sat with us and i pet him and we went home and he followed us and we have dog bowls for a random reason and we filled it up with water and gave it to the dog. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2854-mason-helping-a-dog
helping someone.$One time in 4th grade we where raising money to get a new projector in our school gym. On the last day i took money for my account but they already took it so i just had 20$ sitting in my pocket. but i saw that one of my class mates could not donate money so i put my 20$ in their account for them so they could be counted for the jog o thon of the fundraiser. That is a time i did a good deed. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2853-helping-someone
Be kind$Kindness isn't as good when you blurt it out into the world to get noticed for. It's something we let pass on by itself and spread to other people! -Anonymous  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2852-be-kind
Kind yayyyyy no hacker online scam bully!!$Once I was telling stop to someone who was online bullying. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2850-kind-yayyyyy-no-hacker-online
Helping my teacher$One day I arrived at school early and saw my music teacher carrying two big bags to her classroom. So I decided to stop and help her out, I also stayed after to help her get the classroom ready for her students. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2849-helping-my-teacher
Helping My Nephew$My five year old nephew plays Lego Star Wars on his iPad. He was very stuck on the level because he is younger. I had already beaten all of the levels myself on my own device, so I showed him how to beat a few of them. I play the levels again and broadcast it to the TV in case he wants to play the same level and watch me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2848-helping-my-nephew
How to open a door: (In a kind way)$When I go out or indoors, I always look to see if someone is coming. If someone is I will wait and hold it until they walk all the way through. Sometimes they will even open the next door for me, but I normally get a smile and it makes me feel really good on the inside and gives me a smile too. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2846-how-to-open-a-door
New Kid$When I had first moved to Houston in the third grade, I remember distinctly a kid helping me out with the math, which was hard for me at the time because I hadn't studied these concepts.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2845-new-kid
Kindness is like a needle in a haystack$This story will not be about my act of kindness but my mothers. I was at the doctors office getting my allergy shots when I had my second ever anaphylactic reaction (If you do not understand what that is search it). When my reaction occurred my doctors gave me epinephrine and told me too wait thirty minutes then go home, so after thirty minutes we went home like we where told. However, what we did not know was that when a anaphylactic reaction accords you need to wait two hours because there is a small chance of having a rebound. Actually there is is a 3% chance of having a rebound and I was in that 3%. So, when we got home I had a reaction about thirty minutes later,  again was injected with epinephrine, and taken to the ER.  Because so little people have rebounds I was required to stay in the ER all night and if I had another rebound I would be transported to St. Jude's Children Hospitable by helicopter. It was a horrifying experience, but my mother was there the entire time, my dad wasn't there no one else was there but her. She held my hand the entire time, knowing she could not do anything about it and that was the kindest thing that has and will most likely ever happen to me. The only person standing beside me was my mother.  Note: An anaphylactic reaction can have severe consequences such as death and comas they are not something that should be taken lightly. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2844-kindness-is-like-a-needle
The person who has inspired me the most$I think that my Grandma has inspired me the most in life  because she has always been  for me through some really tough times in my life she is always very understanding and she's not afraid to stand up for people.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2843-the-person-who-has-inspired
Hot Chocolate$My sister was worried about a doctor's appointment, so I made her a hot chocolate and she was happy again. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2841-hot-chocolate
to be kind $One day I was going to school the  popular girls smacked my books  and my best friends stood up for me .I said do not be a bully but the popular girl did not say sorry so my friends. We did a club, it was about do not be a bully just be nice, most the whole school joined the club. The popular girls got mad at us because they had a club. That club was about being mean so no one wanted to go because they did not want to be mean. One day that change no one wanted to go to my club, they went to the mean girl club. I was sad because you should not be mean to your friends. We should all be friends and get along.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2840-to-be-kind
Helping a bird in need$One day a baby Blue jay hit one of my windows. It was winter and it was very cold shaking and unconsous. We put it in a warm tower and we fed it some seeds. It startd to wake up so when the witer was over we found its family the usally is in a tree in my front lawn and we reunited a family. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2839-helping-a-bird-in-need
Check in on your friends !$I wouldn't call this a story, rather a reminder. With everything horrible going on in the world it is very important to check in on your loved ones during these tough times! Something very tragic happened in my community recently, and it really opened my eyes to the fact that you never know what's going on behind closed doors. If someone seems off, ask them what's going on. Having that awkward conversation with someone who is having a bad day could truly be a life changer. For anyone who may read this, just know the world loves you no matter what!!!!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2838-check-in-on-your-friends
Got a pen?  Join Project Smile AZ to spread smiles with a handwritten kind note$We are two brothers who started Project Smile AZ and have been making handmade cards to spread smiles, emotionally support and encourage patients with covid-9 in hospitals all alone. We have shared Kindness cards to homeless people and gratitude cards to healthcare heroes. We have shared more than 4000 smiles to patients fighting COVID-19. We have shared more than 130 kits for kids who like to participate but lack the resources at the Child Crisis Centre of Arizona and to Children with disabilities at ACCEL.   Multiple studies have shown that a handwritten kind note can positively impact mental health and reduce depression. We hope you will share our story so we can spread positive thoughts during this pandemic $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2837-got-a-pen-join-project
Money for a Vet Bill$Out of love for my sister's dog I added a new credit card, for him to receive the care that he needed. Even though I had been approved, unfortunately because I don't have a valid form of ID, and did not yet have the card in my possession, the veterinary staff could not accept the payment. Neither one of us had the money. I decided to call my boyfriend's brother, an excellent sales executive who excels at what he does. I explained my situation to him and he loaned me the $675.00, with the promise that he would be paid back. He graciously gave my sister the money.  This is especially touching because he never met my sister or her dog before. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2836-money-for-a-vet-bill
Strawberries🍓$ Strawberries that in gardens grow          Are plump and juicy fine,  But sweeter far as wise men know         Spring from the woodland vine.  No need for bowl or silver spoon,          Sugar or spice or cream,  Has the wild berry plucked in June          Beside the trucking stream.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2835-strawberries
Writing my teacher a note how good she is at teaching!$One day I was thinking about kindness and who I should do it to and then i thought about my teacher.I wrote(Thanks for being such a kind teacher and thanks for caring about my learning.) It made me feel good inside. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2834-writing-my-teacher-a-note
More Kind Laughs  $Everyone needs laughter and as they say laughter is the best medicine and to be kind you need to be happy and that's where I am going with all these memes you should share the only medicine that you don't have to buy you can only get this from some one else and some one else can only get it from you share the love.🥰                                 -Bri Brown  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2833-more-kind-laughs
Friends$When I was in kindergarden I had friends but they were really NEVER my friends they never let them sit near them. I would always be ALONE. Then Kindness week came up BUT then they started saying compliments and all of that because I HAD THE MOST POINTS FOR KINDNESS WEEK but then I started being AWAY from them. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2832-friends
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
I Made this Post to be Kind $Some times people lack some thing to smile at and make them happy , so I decided to post a photo that I cant not smile at or love and I hope you do to i want to post something on her with a photo or image that will make you smile and bring a little light to your life and hope it will make you want to share the smiles and make you happy in general Share On! -Bri  Brown    $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2831-i-made-this-post-to
My super hero $my celebrity super hero is Kamala Harris our now vice president. Kamala is the first vice president and she is a big movement in the BLM , sheś also a strong black woman and is very powerful. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2830-my-super-hero
Drawing for kindness$My sister came over and I drew he and she loved i. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2829-drawing-for-kindness
Mother Wonders$My mother always inspires me to be strong and to do my best even when im down and not feeling myself. sometimes i can turn on my mother and be her enemie but sometimes we can be bestfriends and talk to eachother about everything. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2828-mother-wonders
hjgyu buo$once I pulled out a ladder for a kid so he could get off of a trampoline. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2827-hjgyu-buo
sharing is caring$i dont have a story but sharing is caring  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2826-sharing-is-caring
yes$i saved someone from choking . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2825-yes
Giving people food$When I lived in Kansas I went with my class to a store to buy food for people that don't have money I and my sister were in different classes because we were going with the 6 graders and my sister is a 6 grade. we bot a lot of food.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2823-giving-people-food
kindness story $once i gave a lot of gifts to my best friend $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2822-kindness-story
Bullying$My life was made unbearable by a mean girl in Elementary school. Eventually,  I told someone who helped a lot! Never be afraid to tell someone. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2821-bullying
My AMAZING brothers podcast$My little brother Brian(41) has served for OUR  country in Iraq proudly! He is a father of 4 and a grandfather of soon to be  6. Sadly my brother came home suffering from PTSD, as his infiltry and brothers/family were struck . It's very common in not only our military but our EMT, Police officers, Fire fighters etc. Due to their nature of work and oath to protect. My brother has made me so PROUD of his way to conquer  this consistant madness and nightmares that he has daily! Brian has made a podcast  IGY 622 for any and all veterans, Police officers, Fire fighters, EMT, Nurses, Doctors to speak out and tell their stories to help stop the suicide rate. I listen to every episode and I can feel that this isn't easy for these people to talk about, but I as well as many others feel the relief in their voice at the end of every story!!  Please share this link to help people suffering from PTSD and depression.   THANK YOU $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2818-my-amazing-brothers-podcast
x$i hug peopie $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2817-x
A nice friend.$One day my friend Lucie was down in the dumps about something that happened to her. Elle her friend was near by when she heard Lucie crying. She walked over to Lucie with a smile on her face. She sat down and told her: " your okay. " "Don't worry." I watched the whole thing as she made her friend a happy person again. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2816-a-nice-friend
Finding your path of showing kindness $One day I was at treatment in grade 10. Now I'm a student at MN. I've learned that just helping out someone on a bad day and writing things down is just a way to cope with life. In MN, we have this amazing class called upstream arts. I've also learned in that class just by supporting not just yourself but others in the class and even taking a risk (writing post it notes) and telling yourself that you are strong, it's ok to be sad but it isn't ok to give up, or whatever it is, just MAKE SOMEONE'S DAY. Therefore my story is that one day I was stuggling with depression and one day my friend Hailey at PHP gave me a postive message. It said "You can really just make someone's day by just meeting someone." After that day, I asked her "What does that note mean to you?" She repiled with "Just by knowing someone and meeting someone you can really know you can really connect with someone by smiling and making their day. So one day at PHP every Friday I made a meeting and I thaught why not make someone's day with a postive message? So I did that and everyone was happier on that day.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2815-finding-your-path-of-showing
Helping my brother$I helped  my brother get an egg he could not reach. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2814-helping-my-brother
Kindness$Kindness $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2812-kindness
Kimdness$Kindness $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2811-kimdness
homeless $my story is my mom saw a homeless old lady gave her money i felt good that my mom gave help sick person $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2810-homeless
Post-it Notes $In 2016, I wrote 119 affirming post it notes. I arrived at my high school early in the morning and began sticking them on the lockers of each person in my grade. Each one was unique, something that I appreciated about the personality of that person, or something I thought they needed to hear.  "You are special" "You have a beautiful mind" "You have a radiant smile" "You are loved" Watching everyone smile as they arrived at their lockers that morning was so inspiring! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2809-post-it-notes
Merry & Bright Initiative$Our Family purchased three 15 min virtual visits with Santa and came up with a way to engage others in random acts of kindness while randomly gifting these three visits. We created a Colouring Contest open to all children between the ages of 0-18 in the Edmonton & Surrounding areas. This was they had to do: Step 1. Download the "Merry & Bright" picture & print it off. Step 2. Have your child colour it. Get them to add their own picture or words of hope & kindness. Step 3. Take a picture of it and submit it. Step 4. Place your picture in a plastic ziploc bag, wait 72 hours & give it to a random neighbor in their mailbox.  On December 10th all pictures submitted were put into a random draw & three random names were be pulled to win a virtual 15 min visit with Santa. To extend our giving we also were provided with three story time visits with Mrs. Claus which we gifted to the three runners up.  All children who did not win received a small gift of appreciation for paying it forward. It definitely put a smile on our faces to be able to give something during a time in which a lot has been restricted and taken away due to covid-19.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2808-merry-bright-initiative
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
40 Random Acts of Kindness$On January 9th I will be celebrating my 40th Birthday. 40 years of life, love & adventures!! #40randomactsofkindness  However, this year's birthday is going to be a little different. Instead of receiving gifts, I am going to give gifts. 40 of them to be exact. One for every year of my life.  Why am I doing this? Because I truly believe that the greatest gift we can receive is intrinsic reward. To me, making another person smile fills my heart ❤️ Starting December 1st and each day after I will be paying it forward by going out each day and engaging in random acts of kindness.  https://www.facebook.com/516503609/posts/10158693122913610/ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2807-40-random-acts-of-kindness
Kindness and spreading$Kindness and spreading $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2806-kindness-and-spreading
Helping out with the homeless$2 days ago I saw this lady who looked so cold and I felt really bad she was outside of the store called Walmart and I went in the store and bought her a blanket. Some people ask me why did I do that, and I thought to myself and said, "Well if that lady was me I would also want somebody to do something kind for me."  That's my kindness story -Unknown $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2805-helping-out-with-the-homeless
My Dad$When I was little, I looked up to my Dad and thought he was the best dad ever.  As I grew, I knew why.  He never preached, yet he taught me so much.  Not from words, but from actions.  The things he did, the way he talked and treated people.  He was the best person to learn Kindness from, just from watching.  Isn't that what parents are supposed to be role models?  My Dad was the best role model ever.  I only hope I can be 1/2 the person he was and make him proud of me and who I have grown up to be.  Without his non verbal teachings, I wonder if I would be so kind??? $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2804-my-dad
Groceries for the Homeless. $One day, my mom and I bought groceries for a homeless man and his son outside of Trader Joe's. They were very appreciative and grateful. She taught me how important doing things like this for less fortunate people is.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2803-groceries-for-the-homeless
Pass it on$I teach music... piano and choral music basically. One of my student's mom sent me a card a few days ago with cash in it. It was not the card, the amount, or even the thought of giving me a gift for Christmas that made me cry my eyes out. It was the mere fact that this family is suffering right now because the dad is sick with Covid-19. To think that they would still be so kind in giving and extending the love that do every year is beyond words; in fact, it was humbling. I told myself I will not spend the money but make it a memorial of kindness and humility to remember that this Christmas 2020, I got the gift of magnanimous and humbling generosity from a family that showed their love in a sacrificial sort of way. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2802-pass-it-on
Alone$In our second semester I was given a different lunch period from all my friends, I got very depressed and would often just text my mother. Then a girl started to sit with me instead of her friends. I now know how much it hurts to sit alone at lunch.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2801-alone
A game of tag$One day, I brought my little sister to school.  When we arrived she had to wait  for 20 minutes outside so i asked all my friends if they wanted to play tag with my sister and they said yes. So we played all together for a couple of minutes then a bunch of other kids joined in and we started a massive tag game. We had so much fun!!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2799-a-game-of-tag
Stranger changed our tire$My friend got a flat and try as I might, I couldnt get the tire off.  We walked to the nearest car repair place and asked for help.  The owner drove to our car and got the tire off for me.  He refused payment.  He drove off and I tried to jack the car up a little further so I could put on the spare but the jack slipped.  We called the man again and he just came and did the whole job for us and wouldnt take money, said it was his good deed.  He was an angel. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2798-stranger-changed-our-tire
Cleaning XD$I remember a time when i was little and i would help my mom and clean with her ( I was like 7 years old XD )   :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2797-cleaning-xd
My inspiration $This isn’t much of a story but i am currently making a PSA for Random acts of kindness and this website is really usefull and hearing all these stories really inspire me to do more   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2796-my-inspiration
November 2020 ACTs of Kindness$This month, I have been greeting people I meet and wishing them a “good day” and “happy Thanksgiving” as I feel it is especially important due to COVID masks covering smiles and any kind expressions. Also, I am still helping out with sweeping and lining the clay tennis courts on a daily basis. Then, I helped with fixing computer problems for several younger students so they can get on the internet and do school work. Also, when I am at store entry lines and check-outs, I always let moms with young kids go in front of me. Moreover, I have helped the elementary teacher at my tennis academy with removing Halloween decorations and putting up the Thanksgiving decorations in her classroom. Furthermore, I am still volunteering to help hit tennis with the younger kids and senior citizens. However, my favorite is comforting a friend who just removed all four of his wisdom teeth. He is from a different country and does not have many friends yet. So, I wanted to make sure that he knew I was a friend by checking up on his status on a daily basis with him and his mom; and asking what I can do to help such as visiting and bringing soft foods like mash potatoes. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2794-november-2020-acts-of-kindness
Virtual Kindness$I created camps for girls who want to change the world with kindness. <3 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2793-virtual-kindness
i helped gave food to poor man.$One day i saw a poor man with no food so we gave him some food we gave him corn, beans ,and money.So he can eat something and i felt bad about that he had no food or money at all. And then he gave us ice cream in return and that is my story i hope you like it. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2792-i-helped-gave-food-to
How I Helped My Mom By sweeping the floors$I was sitting in bed after that my mom said hey do you want to help me sweep the floors? So I said yeah sure so I helped my mom and I sweep the whole house and that's how I acted kind to my mom $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2791-how-i-helped-my-mom
You do something good all you need in return is love$I gave my freind gum for weeks. Why? beacause she is my best freind and she loves me and that is priceless so then i gave candy to evryone who asked and they said ''thanks'' and hugged and thats all i need. :3    $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2790-you-do-something-good-all
The Kind Friend.$Did one of your parents send you to the store to get something? Well, my mom did. The store closes at 10:00 and we left the house around 9:30 and made it to the store at 9:53. I go in the store and grab what I needed and when I went to the checkout I realized that I forgot to bring the money to pay for it. I send one of my siblings to the car to check if my wallet was in there, she came back running in the store and told me that it wasn't. Our house was 15 minutes away and also the bridge was out, so I would have to go all the way around adding more minutes away. One of my friends was right behind in line and she asked," How much is it?" and I said " it's $5", she said "I have a $20 and I'm only getting ice cream. I can pay for it." So she paid for my stuff. Since we go to the same school I was going to pay her back, but her mom told her that I don't need to pay them back. One day me and my two other friends ride to school together and when we got out of school we went to get something to eat and the same friend that paid for my stuff at the store forgot to bring her money so I told her to order something and I will pay for it. I told her that she didn't have to pay me back since she bought my stuff at the store. Even helping out a friend pay for some things is small act of kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2789-the-kind-friend
Homeless man$one day i was in a car with my mom and brother i was bored i looked out my window and saw a man holding a cardboard sign saying "Help" i saw another man walking up and gave the homless man i belive money a tear went down my face i remebered that moment ever since. -Guadalupe soria $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2788-homeless-man
Why Moms should be appreciated$My 7 year old son wrote this in class.  His teacher shared it with me.  I will treasure it forever. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2786-why-moms-should-be-appreciated
Caring for Seniors $Khambrel Foundation adopted elderly seniors living at home, residential communities and assisted living facilities. Our elderly seniors need support more than ever during times of isolation and deserve a little kindness to help boost their social well being.  As you know #COVID19 hit impacting many families and lives lost, our elderly seniors were severely impacted mentally and physically. With today's climate we must continue encouraging ourselves to help, serve, give, more importantly practice self kindness and kindness to ALL. September begins our helping, serving, giving season our focus this year is on Caring for Seniors.  Khambrel Foundation adopted 62 Senior Citizens, served 122 hot meals, donated 55 #LaunderedWithKindness baskets filled with products and accessories, 60 personal hygiene kits, 50 covered in kindness totes, 50 Senior Care Packages and 30 #MainlandKindnessRocksProject kits to donate to our 6 community kindness rock gardens. Join the cause of Caring for Seniors and watch the joy both given and received. Be a blessing to someone elderly today!  Why not be kind? Tonia Rene Griffin Khambrel Foundation  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2785-caring-for-seniors
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Why are my grandparents kind to me?$My grandparents are kind to me because they cook food for me and send me to school every day. Everyday when school is over, They cook eggs for me. I used to play basketball with my grandfather. I also used to play chess with my grandfather. I also did my homework with my grandparents. I also did some  questions  with my grandparents. They used to assign me a question everyday. I also did some easy questions with my grandparents. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2784-why-are-my-grandparents-kind
A kind next of kin.$Things have not been easy, for my family and self lately, in our country, where things are always going from bad to worse. For several months, I have been going to pay my medical coverage, and find I cannot pay.  When I call the administration to ask what is wrong, they tell me I have a credit in my favour, because I had payed a month extra, in advance. I am thrilled to know it! But I became suspicious, after a third month in a row of the same problem (?). My wife suggested I ask my brother, who has his own problems, but not economical ones.  I called him and his reply was simply: "Yes, I have the bill subscribed to my debit account. So, don´t worry about it." It brings tears to my eyes! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2783-a-kind-next-of-kin
A humble country doctor, who bacame President of his Nation$In the town of Cruz del Eje, in central Argentina, Arturo Illia was one of the town doctors and was an active politician, who in 1963 was voted President of Argentina. He was well known in his town, for being a kind man, who put others wellbeing before his personal interests. He was known for being very considerate with his patients, who could not afford to pay his fees. When someone did not have the money to be attended, he would just say: "Leave what you can, in that tray."  That money was later used by the next patient, who might not have enough money to buy his medicines. He was known for being a quiet, considerate person, and possibly one of the best opportunities for reconcilliation of our country at the time.  Sadly, he was ousted by a military coup, for not being hard enough on the opposition, and is remembered to this day, for being a moderate and considerate person. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2782-a-humble-country-doctor-who
Being Kind to Others$Being kind to others and God will smile on you which will send blessings your way! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2780-being-kind-to-others
Be kind to others$when you are kind to others they will be kind to you and they  will open the door for you and  say kind words. When someone is unkind show them kindness. One day  i went over to my friend house to play. We were playing in her room together i pick up her favorite doll and she yelled at me PUT THAT DOWN! so i put it down and was leaving and she said don't go! we will play together stay then i went back to her room and she share all her toys with me  even her favorite doll she said she was sorry to be unkind and she will be kind to me the next time i visit her. Whenever i visit she was kind to me and we will always be friends. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2779-be-kind-to-others
helping my brother$one day my brother fell of his bike i had to help him because he was not able to walk so i helped my brother get what he wanted since he cannot walk. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2777-helping-my-brother
A puppy made me smile$I was kind of having a bad day so I went out for a walk, and I seen the cutest puppy ever.  As I continued walking the lady came up to me with the puppy in her arms. She asked me if I wanted to play with the puppy. It made me so happy. It was so fun playing with the puppy. It was really kind of the lady to do that. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2776-a-puppy-made-me-smile
Kindness in an ice cream cone$When I was a young child, I rode in the car with my mother on her weekly visits to pick up Mary. The three of us rode to a popular Ice Cream store where Mother would buy a small cone for each of us. Naturally curious, I asked Mother why Mary was always sad, always crying. In her soft voice, she told me I didn't need to know that, and I guess that satisfied me. What she could not tell me was that Mary was a victim of spousal abuse. Her four children were a victim of child abuse. Mary was trapped in a dysfunctional marriage with no way to escape. My mother's weekly visits provided Mary's only escape. Mary didn't drive. She was a prisoner in her own home until my mother picked her up for an hour's escape from her dark world. With all of her children safely at school, Mary's hour with my mother provided her with security  each week. For me, the ice cream cone was my treasure for that day. To Mary, my mother's kindness far outweighed the ice cream. She knew Mother could not solve her problem. However, the weekly drive around town provided a beautiful, though brief, escape into another world.  I don't know how they met, but knowing my mother as I did, I believe Mother just met her by chance and then the love and kindness in her took over. She never regarded Mary as different from any of her other friends, all of them a part of our comfortable middle class life.  I was not tuned in to their conversation as I made make believe in the back seat with my dolls. I only observed, and what I saw was my kind mother choosing to make a difference in Mary's life. One day, we went into Grace's apartment of three rooms and a bathroom.  A strong smell of clorox filled the kitchen. The next room, which should have been a dining area, had been converted into a bedroom where all six family members slept together. The last room was a living room.  I did not know about the pain that happened in those three rooms, but as a five year old child, I could make this observation: Mary's home was not like mine. My sister and I had our own bedrooms, we had a spacious living room and dining room.  We had a large den where my dolls lived. At a young age, I learned that poverty and dysfunction made a cruel visit into Mary's home and I was sad.  Then, news broke into my mother's heart when she learned Mary's high school daughter was pregnant with her own daddy's baby. My mother went to work, finding a place for the teenage to live until her baby was born. All of this was out of the realm of my conscious understanding and my mother shared very little with me.  But I watched and I learned from her. The Bible talks about being kind to the "least of these." Mary and her children were the "least of these." I also learned that a small cone of vanilla ice cream, given with love and without any judgment, made a definite difference in another's life. Both Mama and Mary are in heaven now. But every time I get a small cone of vanilla ice cream I am carried back to those days of long ago when my mother's kindness taught me real lessons in  kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2775-kindness-in-an-ice-cream
My best friend$So one day i was playing hockey with my best and oldest friend and I fell down and scrped my knee super bad  he helped me walk to the nurses office and he waited outside the door and when I left the office he asked if I was all right and we went back to class $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2774-my-best-friend
Helping$One day I fell on the ground and scraped myself. My friend came and helped me to the nurse and we became best friends $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2773-helping
kindness$It was sunday I was walking out of church and got a drink and saw a homeless man a disied to give him a dollore and he was so thankfull.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2772-kindness
Happy Kindness Day!$Celebrating today and every day! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2770-happy-kindness-day
kindness day$one time i was walking around in the grocery store and i saw the old man he could not reach noodles so i got it down for him he was so happy he baught me a candy bar. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2769-kindness-day
cleaned up the house$When I cleaned up the house for my mom.Because she had to work also cleaned my room and bathroom. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2768-cleaned-up-the-house
thing for my family$I will get a flower pot for my mom I love you. For my daddy i will make him peace sad.  for my sister ciana I will get a present.  For my brother I will be nice to he. for me i will play with mine puppies $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2766-thing-for-my-family
Girl drops her bookbag and A Boy picked it up for her. lady paid for my moms stuff.$I was walking out 2nd period and it was a girl who dropped her bookbag and the boy that was walking behind her picked it up he was being kind. Me and my mom was in Walmart and my mom forgot something and she went back to get it and she had already paid for it and this lady that was behind us asked my mom how much is it and my mom said 2$ and she was like i will pay for it. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2765-girl-drops-her-bookbag-and
My Grandma :)$I gave my Grandma a note that said I love grandma infinitely and she loved it . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2764-my-grandma
sometimes horses are the answer$I was riding my horse and my horse ran me into a tree so I jumped of I hurt my leg after my horse felt sorry and came over and nudged me I could feel he was sorry $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2763-sometimes-horses-are-the-answer
jasmine $everyday I walk through my yard and behind my yard are horses I always see them looking sad scared so i asked the owner if i can feed them he said ya Shure so every day i go back there and see them and feed them and now they follow me around there yard $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2762-jasmine
my insprastion!$So i was watching this video of this little boys mom and she was like i ate all your candy so he went to the fridge and he was like you should have ate theses foods and he closed the fridge and he walked to his mom and said i'm not mad at you.....Its okay  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2761-my-insprastion
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
The boy with Down syndrome$So i used to work for my mother at a daycare because it was the summer and i was the oldest kid there and there was the littler boy named Wesley and we were best friends and the other little kids would always make fun of him because he had down syndrome and that is a type of condition that you can be born with. He was very sad and i felt very bad for him so i went over and told the little kids that it isn't nice to make fun of people with illnesses and they said "But the way he talks, drupes, and acts isn't cool". Then i went over to Wesley and told him show them who's is boss then Wesley went over to tell them " i am a brave little boy and nobody can bring me down". Then the little children start to feel bad and i didn't like the way they felt and so i started to show them that it is OK to have illnesses and that you can be different. So now everyday i go to my mother's daycare i always go to see Wesley and his new friends and we dance together, sing together, and also talk about everyone's differences. so this is a lesson do not treat other people different because of there illness or if they are made a certain way .  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2760-the-boy-with-down-syndrome
three nice people.$Jacob e and Airiana were best friends and they wanted to be more kind to each other so they wanted to be good so they paid attention to there teachers and they wanted to get more time on reccess so they did and they became BFF's so they got along and they became best friends forever. The End $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2759-three-nice-people
kindness is the best way to go $I know haw it feels to get bullyed. But you need to be kind dont  be mean back they do that there self.So BE KIND plz they need somone to taik to. hope you have a good day  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2758-kindness-is-the-best-way
Making a knew friend$In grade one I was late to school. when i got to class, the teacher told me to be partners with the knew student, she was very nice. She had eczema. I told her that the next day she could meet my cousin. After that my new friend, my cousin, and I all became great friends. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2757-making-a-knew-friend
NIce times$One time i was at a themepark/waterpark [before covid] and i was on this roller coaster when i got off I saw someone with a really nice shirt so i said 'Wow your shirt is really cool and nice' and yeah! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2756-nice-times
Good frend$I was with my friend and he gave me a dollar to buy something. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2755-good-frend
act of kindeaness$I told someone that their shirt was nice and their life changed forever $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2754-act-of-kindeaness
helping out others .$I'm always helping out other people when they need me i'm always there for them. i love doing things for my mom when she needs me to. i be cooking a lot for my family . and i'm always there for my friends when they need me i got them.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2753-helping-out-others
how i was kind $one day i was walking in the mall and this girl was walking behind me and i opened the door and i opened the door for her too. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2752-how-i-was-kind
when i tore my acl $i tore my acl when i was playing football i tripped and landed funny and they called the police and the ambulance then they took me to the hospital. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2751-when-i-tore-my-acl
Mrs.Norman the great.$Hey!!! i'm Lorie and this is a story about the best teacher there ever was. I'm sure you've all heard of superman and batman and wonder woman etc. But theirs another hero in this world, that i happen to know very well. she actually my teacher!!!! Mrs.Norman would swoop into the class every day with a song that we would play. Once she boogied herself out we would do IXL . i know that sounds like a normal fun loving teacher, but your wrong. you see, i  struggle with anxiety attacks and i don't like adjusting to new situations. whenever i am struggling she's there to help and whenever i'm sad or down she'll pick me back up!!! whatever happens weather she's my teacher at the time or not she's there for me, and every one else too! she's practically a multitasking machine!!        another thing is she inspires me and others to follow our dreams. whenever we have doubts or want to give up ,she asks if that's what we want our life to be, giving up and letting ourselves down. after that we are up and running again!! no matter what it is you want to achieve or to accomplish she'll believe in you. no matter what!!!        in conclusion no matter what she's a superhero to all, a defender of others, and a dancer of the century! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2749-mrs-norman-the-great
MY FRIEND $I was in second grade and i had not that much friends and a girl about my age came and become part of my class. She was very nice and kind to every body . she was new to that class .Our tables  were next to eatch other and I gave her help when she needed . we became best friend ! I changed class and i cried alot .gess what now ......she's now back in my class still friends . She always been there for me .   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2748-my-friend
MY FRIEND !!!$one day a very spatiale day i met one of the coolest friend you can get i was in 1st grade and it was the first day shool.  i was so happy when i met her she was sooo nice to me. imagine that you enter in a new class with no friends and someone comes up to you and starts acting realy nice to you we became best friends then 2 years after she left the class to go to an other one and then i 3 years i arived in the SAME class as her  i hope that was enough  for youre satisfaction so bye :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2747-my-friend
Kindness$First, I was playing outside and then this 4 grader was bullying a kindergartener so then I stepped in and told her to leave the little girl alone finally the little girl is older and living a better life  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2746-kindness
Lykke$Hello world! My name is Madelame,and I found the kindness on that books (Hygge and Lykke Mike Wiking)I think it's the  most interesting thing i ever seen.It seems like love.As a true love.And the special part of my story is that you can share that love,this amazing feeling that stays in you. You're amazing! Enjoy that♡ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2743-lykke
Helping homeless peoples$So when I was nine we use to see a lot of homeless people but now there are not cause what me and my family does is we got food and give it to homeless cause what if that was you so think about it. We can make the future better for everyone $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2742-helping-homeless-peoples
Give to those in need$My mom and dad got divorced when I was really young and although I don't see my dad anymore or talk to him I used to and we would go to the mall and I asked him for some money so I could buy a huge stuffed animal he gave me the $30 and I went to go to the store but right next to the store was a man who was collecting money for children's hospital so the kids could get toys so I put the money in the bucket instead of getting the stuffed animal I was 5 then i'm 10 now and I am still proud of my young self  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2741-give-to-those-in-need
New Friends$One time when I first joined my gym a girl came up to me and asked me if I wanted to be partners with her. I said yes and then we became friends immediately. She is very nice to me.    $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2740-new-friends
A hero in need (for dogs anyway)$My dog got a leash snagged on her leg and whimpered for help I had to do something my parents weren't home so I tried to call my aunt and my cousin but they didn't pick up the line so one thing i can do was take it out i did it with grace and gentleness so she will Whimper less and then after a few attempts I finally got it out thats why i was good with my dog $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2739-a-hero-in-need-for
geting ride of someones online bully.$i was helping duo and got i a mach and my duo said he got bullyed a lot so as we are playing he says how he bullyed. So we get back to lobby and and i ask him to invite the bully. Thebully joins and starts saying rude things .So we 1 v1 and i say if you win you can stay being rude but if i win you stop being rude so we 1 v 1 i win and tell him to say sorry. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2738-geting-ride-of-someones-online
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Be kind to others.$Being kind to others makes the world happy and a great place to be like if someone dropped something and you were right in front of them you should help them pick it up or buy a homeless person lunch just like that being kind is a big nice thing to do it helps others be kind if your kind because if you help them then they might help you then that's where you make friends. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2737-be-kind-to-others
helping a friend bring their stuff down the hallway,$One day at my old elementary school i was going to head to lunch with rest of the students when i saw some way back in the class and saw that they had to make up so work so, because some of the students had to make up work which they sometimes do at lunchtime, so i went up to them to ask if they needed help i thought i would just do it, since it looked like they really needed help so we walked down the hallway the girl looked so confused but we still did it anyways and so after i put the rest of the stuff on the lunchtime then i left and went to go back into the lunch line. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2736-helping-a-friend-bring-their
The Helping Hand$May 17 2015 That was the day I realized that a lot of people are different Because me and my mom help someone in a wheelchair to their house then he gave me $20.  And more than five years  I still have that $20 today to remember the act of kindness.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2735-the-helping-hand
library$at the library with my Grandma and print something from the printer when i went to pay some lady pay for the thing that i print.so i got to print again $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2734-library
Free Chicken Nuggets$So I was walking into McDonalds to get my daily order. Then she came with order, and she accidently dropped my soda. After she dropped my soda she was like "I'm so sorry, would you like some free chicken nuggets?" and I said "Yes, thank you". $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2733-free-chicken-nuggets
my mom $one day i  was feeling really sad and my mom said whats wrong i said i was sad because my aunt died a few years ago and i never met her  everybody says such beautiful things about her and i cry because she would of bein my bestfreind and so my mom was ind and we went to go see her grave and i cryed .  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2732-my-mom
yeet$my family they always support me without them i wouldn't be here $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2731-yeet
a good friend$when i was feeling sad one of my friends was being a really good friend and told me to keep my head up and be happy and gave me something special and to this day i keep that chain on my neck forever $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2730-a-good-friend
The school Bully$There was this kid that got bullyed one i was tired of this bullying becuase he was autistic. so one day i stood up for this kid and i became his only freind. and i made him feel that his was the best person in the world. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2729-the-school-bully
Kindness $one time someone droped his crans and i helped pick it up  but then i droped mine in his pile so we just shared crans $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2728-kindness
The lost puppy$A puppy got lost ,and it was in middle of the rain ,i took  it and put it in my house, when i started to dry it, i realized that it had a necklace with a phone number,i told my dad to call and it was wherver   we found its owner,she immediately came for him,very grateful,and i was very happy,because the puppy was safe with its owner. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2727-the-lost-puppy
help in the woods$Once I me and a couple of friends were out in the woods. We were in some pretty hard to walk through areas, and I was lagging behind. Eventually my shoe got caught on a branch and I ended up twisting my ankle and stabbing my foot up. By the time I got my shoe back on they had circled back to me. One of my friends said I could hold onto his shoulders. And even though he defiantly wasn’t under idle circumstances to walk back either and I griped really tight at some points and he was complaining  at times, not once did he tell me to stop. It's small, but things like that are what really matter in relationships, and it feels really good to know he was there for me.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2726-help-in-the-woods
kindness$i very kind by helping people out when they fall or when they something. I always hold the door open for people. Another way i am kind is by having nice words to say to people the last y i m so kind is because people help me ill help them that is like the golden rule  y i like helping or talking in a nice way is to just be polite and kind to other people that i do not even know that is way how i use kindness now tell me how u use kindness and explain t support ur answer. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2725-kindness
 helping others.$ I help some one when I was in school and he was alone in a corner and I asked him if he wanted to be my friend and he said yes so we have been friends since. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2724-helping-others
kind ness helps  pepple $i have helped my friends by picking them up when they get heart. i take them to the nerse they get an ice pack sometimes and thatis a my story about kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2723-kind-ness-helps-pepple
The kindness of my brother$One thing my brother did for me truly warmed my heart.  He had came home from work around 1:00am and was about to eat the pancakes my father had made for him earlier. We were low on food this time, i had already eaten dinner, and there was nothing really there left to eat. I said out loud that I was hungry and he gave his pancakes to me. This touched my heart because I knew he was hungry too, and he didn't have any money on him to get food for himself from the store. Plus I didn't say I was hungry to get his pancakes I was just speaking my mind. It also surprised me because my brother wasn't always good at showing his loving side, so this was one of the most unexpected and sweetest things my brother has done for me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2721-the-kindness-of-my-brother
The kindness of my dad$There was a time in my life where I was in a lot of pain. I was hurting from how certain people had treated me in school. I was focused on lot of people who had been unkind to me, so one day I just broke down crying in my home . I had cried tons of times before but usually by myself. This time though my dad and mom could see me. My dad was never really an emotionally affectionate person but he held me in his arms as I sobbed and repeated how he understands. That is one of the kindest things my dad has ever done for me.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2720-the-kindness-of-my-dad
The kindness of my mom $Sometimes at nighttime I'd be scared to take a shower to wash my hair. Mostly because no one would be up, and all these scary movie scenarios would sometimes pop into my head. So I'd ask my mom to stay up until I'd came out. But sometimes I'd take a little to long in the shower, and by the time I'd come out she'd be asleep passed out on the couch still waiting for me. I always thought it was kind of her that she would stay up waiting for me even when I sometimes took to long. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2719-the-kindness-of-my-mom
Down By The Bay Remake$Down By the bay i helped a man $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2718-down-by-the-bay-remake
A MESSAGE TO ANYONE HERE$YOU LOOK VERY NICE :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2714-a-message-to-anyone-here
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
The Mother and The Dentist$A friend of a friend of mine is a single mother to two young children. Her son is autistic and requires a LOT of care, so she is unable to work. Every day, this woman goes without in order to take care of her children on minimal government funding. I found out that she has been living in severe pain because for the past three months, she has needed dental surgery that her government provided dental coverage won't pay for because it is classified as "cosmetic" (basically, they would only pay for it once it became so infected that she was going into septic shock). Without her knowledge, I acquired the funds necessary for her to get the surgery, and dropped them off to her in an envelope in her mailbox with a note that said, "angels are watching over you". She was able to get the surgery three days later and is now recovering at home. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2713-the-mother-and-the-dentist
The Resraunt$Covid-19 has impacted our daily lives so much. My family and I just finally got to go to a restaurant and have dinner together after so much time! We had a nice family meal. When we were done, I remembered to tip the waiter. I had a lot of extra cash because I had just visited the bank. I left an 80 dollar tip and complimented the waitress. I had made her day. She was so blessed that she gave free dessert to us and a couple of other families. Kindness spread throughout the restaurant. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2712-the-resraunt
Be Kind ( this is a story)$There was a time when I was alone Nowhere to go and no place to call home My only friend was the man in the moon And even sometimes he would go away, too Then one night, as I closed my eyes I saw a shadow flying high He came to me with the sweetest smile Told me he wanted to talk for awhile He said, "Peter Pan, that's what they call me I promise that you'll never be lonely, " $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2708-be-kind-this-is
rollercoster$I had witnessed  a kind act at the fair and i wanted to go on a ride but i was scared and then my sister said i will go with you and i was not scared anymore. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2707-rollercoster
kindsss$I like to help people $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2706-kindsss
rapper life$someone helped me become a rapper  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2705-rapper-life
Anonymous snow brush gift $My neighbourhood was not always the kindest, friendliest place. My husband, my 8 month old daughter, and myself rarely exchanged any type of communication, even pleasantries, with our neighbours. I had struggled numerous times to wipe the snow or scrape the ice off my car with my arm or a credit card... my snow brush disappeared.... One day, in the dead of, the brutal cold and snowy winter, I walked up to my car with my 8 month old in her car seat. There was a snow brush on my windshield with a note that said “for the woman with the baby, you’re already struggling, Hope this makes your life a tiny bit better”  No signage... nor was there any indication who left it. Pure kindness  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2704-anonymous-snow-brush-gift
When i was in school$I moved school ro school till i could settle down. So, after a week of my new school, I saw a girl getting bullied by  three boys. They were pulling hwr hair, throwing her bags etc... .  Then i said 'stop' because it felt wrong if i just stood there and watched. Then they said 'what are you gonna do? ' I said 'please stop if someone did this to you how would you feel?' Then  they went without saying a word and the girl who got bullied huged me.  So, if anyone bullies you or do anything you don't like just kill them with kindness. If the won't  stop call for help or self-defense yourself. This is all what happened in my school.  The end.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2702-when-i-was-in-school
Chalk-Your-Walk$     My daughter (5) and I went around our community lake and participated in a chalk-your-walk challenge. I wrote messages of hope, encouragement, and love while she drew pictures of flowers, hearts, and cat/unicorn-cat heads. We chalked up random spots around the lake path, which is a .8-mile loop. We worked all day with our art and was pleasantly surprised when we got back to the first picture set at how well the messages had held up. People were taking care to walk around the artwork, very few treaded over the work and most of those were oblivious to it being there.       At one point we sat down in the shade under a group of trees and watched the people who were out walking, biking, or jogging. Many turned their heads as they walked by, glancing at the message. A few stopped to look at, read, and comment on/talk about what was written. The best reactions we got were from the ones that stopped to take pictures of the art and messages. One lady approached us and was gushing about how happy it made her feel to see the words of kindness and hope written out on the sidewalk. She told us that she was going to post her favorite message on her Instagram and share it with her followers. We talked with her but never told her it was us that drew them.       The best moments were watching how happy people were just reading the messages and watching the art spark conversations with smiles. I also loved the care that people took to protect the art by running, walking, and biking around each one to help them last. At one site, someone had moved a rock to either side of the work to alert others. I loved sharing this moment with my daughter and seeing how happy she would get when someone commented on her cats.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2701-chalk-your-walk
my sister $so my sister go to a school or we went to there was this group Aryanna Poole as the leader there were 5 people in every grade she was the leader $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2700-my-sister
Reckless$I saw an old man his name was tyrone and I helped him cross the road $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2699-reckless
Thank You$Today during class we wrote thank you notes to special people in our lives.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2695-thank-you
Random act of kindness$In class 8 Central school $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2694-random-act-of-kindness
NEW KINDNESS YOUTUBE CHANNEL :)$Hello from Australia, my fellow RAKtivists! If this world needs anything, it is kindness. To spread the message and inspire people, I started a new YouTube channel called "Kindness Revolutionary" just yesterday. The goal is to make kindness the new normal by setting the example.  I've been a YouTuber for a few years, but none of my channels have been successful. In fact, "Kindness Revolutionary" is my third channel this year alone.  But this channel is different. This channel has a mission.  I will be covering a wide range of kindness related topics such as how to be kind but strong at the same time (as many people see kindness as a weakness, this misconception has to be disproven) as well as the science behind kindness, which I find interesting.  Here are some of my videos:  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2693-new-kindness-youtube-channel
Random act of kindness$First day at school  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2692-random-act-of-kindness
school$i met someone that was new and they didn't seem very happy so i asked them if they wanted to be friends and they said sure we played and talked for a while and now we are really good friends and we both are very kind against each other and others!!!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2691-school
Kindness stars withone $Randam $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2689-kindness-stars-withone
The kindness $One day a man was walking on the road  his name  was John  he was angry on his friend  raju because Raju will always tease John  so he was angry on Raju. After couple of days Johns another friend Ram .thought let me go to John's house. Ramwas a kind   man and intelligent man.  Ram Went to his friend johns  house and  request john to forgive on Raju. but John did not listen to Rams words then Ram thought if I give some money to John so that I will forgive on Raju the kindness what Ram gave was a treasure to John and John forgived on Raju and Raju stop teasing John !!!!!!!!  The moral of the story is.. we should all ways be kind $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2688-the-kindness
Getting Egged$At Easter time this year we had all been stuck inside for about a month because of Covid and it was getting a little tough for my daughter. She couldn’t see her friends , go to school or all the other things 9 year olds love. She decided to get busy with crafts. The next thing I knew she had made these little baskets and asked me to make signs that said You’ve been egged. She used her allowance and bought chocolate eggs to put in the baskets. Over the next week we went out after 9 every night and delivered these to people’s doorsteps. She told me that she thought it would make people happy. I heard about people being “egged” for weeks in our town and what a wonderful surprise it was. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2686-getting-egged
Sharing stationery$I gave a younger child a pencil to do his work, as he didn't have one. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2685-sharing-stationery
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
My parents told me to be kind$When I was little my parents told me to be kind no matter what mood I was in. I do small but kind things for them like refilling their water bottle and turning off the light when they are going to bed. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2682-my-parents-told-me-to
The power of kindess$The following was written by a student of mine in our Acts of Kindness Blog. When I was young I came to a kid who wanted to make friends with me for some reason I said ok. We played around the whole lunch and I felt warm. At that time  I didn’t know that kindness makes people happy and live longer. I only knew how to make friends,  so I started helping people as an experiment. Turns out I was right!!! Kindness makes you warm and comfortable.  Then I started helping people more and more. I like the moment they say thank you because it shows respect. You ain't going to succeed if you don’t do it. You ain’t going to succeed if you don’t show it. Be kind always and show your respect.  Science proves that you can live longer with happiness and kindness. Kindness can make the change, weakness to strongness. Show no harm to others, that is kindness. You have to be kind and social and remember kindness is the most important thing you can have.   By Mel Hou. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2680-the-power-of-kindess
Great things come in threes.$The following was written by a middle school student in my class as part of a Acts of Kindness Blog task: "The act of kindness I did might not have been much, but I created happiness in three different people. Three weeks ago, we had nearly run out of supplies at home, and we needed to go shopping. As we entered the supermarket, something caught my brother’s eye and he yelled “Mum! Please can I have that?” She replied with “Not today, maybe the next time we see it.” She carried on with the shopping, pushing the trolley a few meters ahead of us. My brother kept turning back to look at the toy. From where I stood, I could see the disappointment etched in his face.  We carried on with our shopping. Carrots, spinach, Brussel sprouts… no toy. Then we walked over to the cereals section. I hung back a bit, to look at some of the cereal that I always eat, while my mum and brother looked at their favorite cereals.  Suddenly, out of the corner of my eye, I saw something gold glittering on the ground. Whipping my head downwards to look at it, I saw that it was three metal rings joined together. But wait. That looked familiar.  I picked it up, forgetting that I wasn’t supposed to touch stuff from the ground (you know, COVID-19 safety) and it settled in the palm of my hand — all three rings aligned — and my heart leaped.  This was the Cartier ring that my dad bought for my mum in Australia a few years ago. I knew how precious and valuable this was to my mother. I looked up again and saw that my mum hadn’t realized what had just happened. When I had caught up to her, I asked her casually,  “Have you lost anything?” When she looked confused, I told her to look at her right hand. She gasped.  “My ring!” she cried. “How could I have lost it?” With a smile spread across my face, I opened up my fist. The ring still sat there, majestic, handsome, and twinkling. Mum gasped again.  “My ring!” she cried yet another time. She hugged me so tightly it hurt, but it was fine for me. I had managed to find a ring that meant so much to her. Even better, she said “Thank you so much, darling! You can buy whatever you want from this store now. Choose whatever you like!”  I didn’t want anything. But my brother did.  “Please, please… could you buy Larry that toy we saw at the front of the store? He wants it really badly.”  The smile on my mum’s face faltered a little — she was evidently confused about my choice. Then it lifted again as she realized.  “Of course!” I led my brother over to the shelf where the toys were and told him to pick anything, and he picked the one his eyes had caught the moment we entered the shop. Moments later, the toy was clutched in his hands and we were heading out. They were both smiling.  My mum was happy that she didn’t lose her prized possession and was touched by my kindness, my brother because he had finally gotten the toy he had so wanted, and I was elated because I had managed to give out kindness and happiness that day." By Clare Wang  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2679-great-things-come-in-threes
Tony - A Recipient of Random Acts of Kindness$I have been the recipient of 4 random acts of kindness. Here is each story 1)      I had had lunch in Burger King and after I had eaten, I went to my car in the parking lot and discovered I had a flat tire. A guy who was in his car saw that I had a flat tire and he immediately came to my aid. “Hey, I got this”, he had a portable tire inflating device and added air in my tire so I could drive it to a repair shop 2)      I was ill with pneumonia and had an appointment to see my family doctor. I decided to leave early enough so that I could stop and have breakfast prior to my appointment. I go into a fast-food restaurant and order my breakfast. The assistant manager who took my order stated “I got this one.  That is, he insisted on paying for my breakfast. 3) I was walking my dog in the summertime. Suddenly, a short but intense thundershower began. A woman who was in her garage (her garage door was open) invited my dog and me to come into her garage and take shelter during the thundershower 4)  I was a visiting Reykjavik, Iceland. One evening I was walking back to the condo unit where I was staying. It was dark and the street was covered with snow and was also very icy and, I slipped and fell on the street. It was an easy fall, that is I was not hurt at all. I got up from my fall and a gentleman who was walking behind me quickly came up to me to check that I was ok. I thanked him and stated that I was fine. Shortly after that visit, the driver of a small pickup truck who was also behind me also stopped to check that I was ok. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2678-tony-a-recipient-of
The lady and the cat$A older woman was walking the cobble streets in Italy one morning, when she stumbled across a hairless cat in a box down a ally.  The woman had something in common with the cat because she was hairless from an old sickness.  The day was cold, and grey the little cat was shivering in his loose skin.  the old woman saw the pain, and hardship in the little green feline eyes.  Without a second thought the woman pulled of her furry coat and carefully traded her synthetic hair to the cat.  The woman opened her arms as too not frighten the cat, and the cat reluctantly curled into her lap meowing.  With care and a understanding stronger than words the woman wrapped the warm and heavy coat around the cats pink skin.  The woman sat there with the cat until nightfall and the little creature was sound asleep.  The two beings were both born into a life they could not change, but they used their hurt, and pain to bring joy and love to the others lives. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2677-the-lady-and-the-cat
A journey of kindness$This happened when my uncle was working at a remote location away from home. One fine day when he was at his academy, he encountered a student who was lying cooped up in one of the rooms around mid-noon. Now, this student lived quite far from the academy(enough to account for multiple hours of train journey). My uncle did not just go ahead and help the student with some meds, he also took the student back to his hometown. They traveled on a train to reach the student's home. In spite of the severe back problem that my uncle has, he did not budge a muscle when the student leaned on him throughout the journey to rest. The student was accompanied till his home and my uncle returned back to the academy. When my uncle mentioned this incident, he had pretty much ended up with his back issues aggravated at the end of that day. He also had the most content smile on his face while telling this. Seems like it was worth it at the end of the day! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2674-a-journey-of-kindness
Spreading virtual smiles$Prepared virtual Thank you cards to cheer up the soldiers protecting our borders last weekend. It was a great experience writing these notes to complete strangers who we as a nation are indebted to and admiring them for all that they do. Just added a few tidbits like "You are amazing!" or "We are proud of you!" at the end of these notes to bring a smile to their faces. I hope these cards make for some happy moments when they receive it! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2673-spreading-virtual-smiles
Kindness is healing$The best act of kindness I personally experienced, was when I was inspired by one small boy. I am an artist by trade, and life... Inspired by a young boy, in remission from a rare brain tumor who's home I worked in for a few weeks painting murals for the family.  Upon leaving that job, I wanted to do something for the hospital, that had helped this boy and for all the families that are so incredibly challenged every day. In 2006 I created a story board of 11 canvases  for the Phoenix Children's Hospital Radiology Waiting Room.  1/4 way into this project, my life turned upside down, I became largely challenged by Multiple Sclerosis and lost much of my freedom of movement... MS solidified for me my above inspiration and the knowing that the most significant thing for myself, was to not leave this life without having bettered another's life somehow.  These donated canvases were a story board of hope and promise, of self-empowerment.  I wanted to  help children become aware, they can always choose love (Shnoogy) over fear (Kruddy) and that one successful way to toss their Kruddy is through the extension of an act of kindness.  I was considerably challenged in my ability for most motion and speech by my MS at the time, but I found an empowering revelation, that as I painted these works, and visited in the hospital with the families and children, I grew stronger and healthier.  "Grow your power, share your light and this will make the whole world bright!"  In 6 months, upon completion of my 11 canvases, I was in full remission, (without any medication beyond this act of kindness). I credit kindness for healing me.  fourteen years later I have never gone back to that state of un-health.  I have learned, ‘Whenever you feel sad and blue just find another who needs you!”  It works!  Encouraged onward by the children and families of PCH, who loved my story and it’s message, I have since written a book inspired from these 11 canvases, Angie Quinn’s Amazing Adventures with Shnoogy and Kruddy (A.Q.A.A.) This has since culminated into a learning program for elementary age children, built around the theory of weekly practicing and sharing kindness, Kind Is Cool Kids. “Be the Hero that you seek!” I have witnessed amazing results, so many paralleling what you speak of.  My web site is kindiscoolkids.com.  KICK Start For Kids...My whole heart and faith is wrapped in believing kindness is healing and is capable of world change for the better.    Thank you for doing what you are doing!  I am so thrilled to find others that really get it!    Constance,   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2672-kindness-is-healing
My friend can't do his alphabet$My friend can't write out the alphabet properly and while everyone else is laughing at him I helped him learn. (everyone was laughing because he is a stable 14 year old male in year 8) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2671-my-friend-cant-do-his
helping people out$i filled up a kids drink bottle. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2670-helping-people-out
Tea at 11pm$It was raining for the last two three days and winds were blowing heavily. light shudders too. the security staff who are guarding the housing complex were on their duty as usual without any hesitation. it was really pity to watch them when they were doing their rounds in the huge housing complex inspire of heavy rain and wind. They had their rain coat and torch to move around, still the cold was bad.  I saw them and the time was 11 pm. I thought of a simple refreshing idea for them and made some hot tea with some tea masala and gave them. they were about 7 people and i felt they were happy and enjoyed it. next day morning they did not forget to call me and express their gratitude. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2666-tea-at-11pm
Helping Our Community One Book At A Time$For a summer project, we wanted to help others in our community and created a contact-free book drive. A door to door service collection for the PBC Homeless Coalition and Florida’s Literacy Coalition. After our first collection, we received 200 donations! We want to spread positivity and inspiration to other high school students to make a difference in their community! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2663-helping-our-community-one-book
Being vegetarian$Being vegetarian is being kindness with animals and with the Mother nature ho made all the animals on this world. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2661-being-vegetarian
Chocolate $One day I was on a bus with my friend, halfway through the bus trip we saw a girl around 17 crying I went and sat next to her and asked her if she was ok, and she said she was just having a rough week. I reached into my bag and found some chocolate which I gave to her. Later that day I and my friend were in a fast food place and the girl we helped came over to our table and paid for our food. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2660-chocolate
Helping the guy next door set up for a fancy party.$I was riding down the driveway towards the hall when I saw this guy come out of a huge Christmas tree swearing at the mother that powers the lights and it was lucky that I had some oil with me because If I didn't give him the oil we would have never seen santa. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2659-helping-the-guy-next-door
I upvoted a reddit post and said it was amazing$So I was browsing Reddit and a post came up of a cute dog I liked the image so I gave it an upvote and said that I hoped he had a good day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2658-i-upvoted-a-reddit-post
Joy for Mom$My daughter is a disabled Veteran and is on a fixed income. She rarely has money to provide for she and her daughter who is psychologically disabled. When Mother's Day rolled around this year she did not have money to even send me a card, but she called and sent her love. A week later my sister died of COVID-19. She did not have the money to send anything in lieu of condolences, not that I wanted one, but she felt bad. Anyway, a month later I received the most beautiful bouquet of roses I have ever had and a box of candy. My daughter was sent some money and wanted to make my day. She apologized for not being able to send something for Mother's Day. She also wanted to send something to brighten my day after the death of my sister. It was the nicest gesture I have had in a very long time.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2657-joy-for-mom
Sacrificing for my sister.$I grew up in a very abusive home. My father was a monster and my mother was an enabler. I stupidly prayed for a baby sister; eleven years later I was given Apryl. I only say stupidly as it was rather selfish of me to ask for another person to suffer through an environment so completely toxic. I was eleven years old at the time so I wasn't really thinking that this was a bad idea. Anyway, when my baby sister was still 3 or 4 years old, I notice my father was beginning to do things with my baby sister that he started with me. I realized then that this was going to develop horrifyingly bad if something is not done. I went to a friend who told me I had to tell the police what I knew. I reported it to the police even though I knew my own mother would hate me. I knew others in my family would not believe me and think that I was a rebellious teenager. I did this even though for a very long time I wanted to kill myself, as I felt as though I had destroyed my family. The fabulous thing is . . . my sister is fine today. She does not have to see a therapist over the abuse she suffered at the hands of my father, she never has to take depression medicine wondering why her sister did not do her job and protect her, and she does not have the memories that I have that cause me to become ill when I think about them. I adore my sister and want only the best for her today and always. Thank God I reported my father before it was too late, even though I have a terrible relationship with my mother and her side of the family to this day. I do not regret a thing and if I had it to do all over again, I would have in a heartbeat. To heck with all those who think that I was the bad guy! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2656-sacrificing-for-my-sister
Grocery Store Giver$I was young, had several small children at home, and we were living on a pastor's salary. At the grocery store one day, when we got to the check out and my groceries were rung up, I had put more on the check-out belt than I had the money for. As I started to select items to remove from my purchase, the woman behind me held up her card and said, "I've got it! Please don't put anything back." I was in tears as I bagged my groceries and blubbered a heart-felt thank you to her as I left. This was years ago, but the incident still brings tears to my eyes.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2655-grocery-store-giver
Wal-Mart Parking Lot$I am a 30-something woman who knows very little about cars. My car battery died in the wal-mart parking lot, which is a pretty convenient place for it to die if you think about it. So I went back into the store and purchased a new battery. I rolled it out to my car in a shopping cart and popped the hood. I took out a tool box I keep in the back and began tentatively removing the cables from the connection points. A well-dressed man who seemed on his way into the office noticed me from across the lot, and came over and asked if I could use some help. I gratefully stepped aside as he proceeded to quickly and deftly replace my battery and get me on my way. What a wonderful way to use your skills and knowledge to help another person! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2654-wal-mart-parking-lot
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Candy boy$When I was 18, I worked in a copy center. A lot of school teachers left notes there, so their students had to copy them. We had a lot of work in school season, and machines tend to breakdown due to excessive use, therefore we often had to deal with broken machines and angry costumers, so our mood wasn't always the best. I remember a boy, he was about 12-13. Before leaving the store, he gave me a candy. I was truly surprised and moved. I tend to blush easily, so guess what? I blushed and said thank you. His gesture really helped me to feel better that day. Today I'm 29 and still remember this boy's act of kindness. (If there is any mistake in my grammar, please correct it, I'm still learning english! Thank you :D) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2653-candy-boy
The Gift of a Litograph Scarf$Recently I received one of the most thoughtful gifts. My colleague and friend retired on June 30th. We started working together at the same school four years ago, and have developed a great friendship. Last week she contacted me to let me know she had a gift she wanted to give to me. We made plans to get together for a walk. When I arrived at her place she brought out the gift bag and said she had to video it to show two other colleagues, because she promised to show them my reaction.  When I opened the gift bag, I found a lovely scarf with small print on it. It was familiar to me because she owned a couple of scarves that looked similar, with Shakespeare plays printed on them. They are called Litograph scarves. I assumed it had some kindness quotes on it, as I regularly promote kindness at our school, but she told me to read it. I looked closely and then I discovered that the text to a children's book I had written about kindness was printed on the scarf!  I was already in tears and couldn't read it. All I could say was it was the most thoughtful gift I have ever received.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2652-the-gift-of-a-litograph
I Was Teacher Ninja'd!$The months of April, May and June 2020 were a tough as an educator. Due to the Covid-19 pandemic, we went through multiple start-ups, and changing health and safety guidelines daily. One Sunday in June, I was folding laundry and heard a knock at the door. As I opened the door I found a basket with my name on it and a dinosaur running into a vehicle.  The card said "You have been "Teacher Ninja'd" and the basket was filled with a coloring book, a gratitude journal, chocolate, scrunchies, and other goodies. I immediately started crying because I was overcome with gratitude. It was such a thoughtful gesture during such a challenging time for educators. It was a beautiful random act of kindness that I was extremely grateful for.  I managed to find out who did this random act, and returned the surprise a few weeks later. :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2651-i-was-teacher-ninjad
Austin Couple Creates Errand Service & Resource Group to Help Those Most Impacted by COVID$Hello, my name is Jason Rubio and I am writing to inform you about a new service created to reduce the impact of COVID in the Latinx community!  COVID 19 has had a major impact on the Latino population in the US. In Austin, Texas, Latinos make up 30% of the population, but 60% of the hospitalizations. This is similar all over the US. Local small business owners and community activists Jason Rubio and Diana Anzaldua are trying to change this.  The husband and wife team created the first Spanish language errand service group and resource page to minimize the impact of COVID on the most vulnerable population in the US, Latinos. This group was started to help the local Austin community. The story was featured on KUT/NPR, Yahoo news, Univsion Austin, Telemundo Austin, Telemundo Houston, CBS, and more.  In just one week of launch, people from all over Texas and the US have inquired about creating Ayuda groups in their cities. We're working hard to keep up and now have groups in major Texas cities, Florida, Virginia, and even Bolivia and Columbia! Unlike other apps that do not offer Spanish language services and charge up to 25% of the fees, the drivers will make 100% of the money during this pandemic. We hope to help those who lost their job due to COVID earn money. We also hope to provide resources and help people stay home, and social distance, too. All deliveries will be contactless.  We hope you can feature this on a story to help the people in your area and really save millions of lives all over the US!  Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions. The website is: https://AyudaTX.com $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2650-austin-couple-creates-errand-service
Helping$Hello. My name is GamingLina. Nice to meet you. I help people who is sad or crying. I do everything I can do. That’s it and goodbye 👋. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2649-helping
Kindness$Kindness  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2648-kindness
"Ghosting"$Hello!!! So the kids in my town do this really fun thing around halloween. We do something called ghosting. Someone ghosts you by anonymously leaving a little halloween gift package on your porch. They also leave a note saying you have been ghosted and you put that on your door so people know you have already been ghosted. Then you give back my ghosting three other people. It makes peoples nights and is super fun! Plus you get to guess who ghosted you!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2647-ghosting
Kindness$I went on Hajj in 2014 with my parents and brother. When we reached Arafat Square, there was a lot of rush There was no place to sit, there were tents everywhere. Then in this difficult time a family who was in a nearby tent  They offered to stay in their tent. And behaved quite well.  Then we performed Hajj together  I will never forget their help in this difficult time $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2644-kindness
Bardia $Kindness  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2643-bardia
Bardia $About  kindness  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2642-bardia
Kindness$Once i went to my family's house, my younger cousin couldn't reach her plate of party food on the table, so im taller than her, therefore i got it down for her! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2641-kindness
stuck scarf$i was on my bike wearing a long dress and scarf  not far away from my house i saw this man he walked past me so i went on as well and suddenly my bike would not go forward so i looked back and my scarf was stuck it wouldn't come out and i was in a hurry  i heard foot steps coming towards as i look back it was the same man  that went past before and he helped me in a few min my scarf was not stuck in my bike wheels and i could finally go because of that man  i said thank you . remember even if u do a little thing it helps a lot  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2640-stuck-scarf
Cleaning$I have three pupppies and their room needs to be cleaned and my dad always cleans it but this days I decided to clean it myself. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2638-cleaning
Help with kindness $One day I was in Washington an one homeless was sleeping, and we are in a restaurant so we order an other burger and we give the burger to the homeless  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2637-help-with-kindness
Change the world with kindness $What is kindness? the quality of being friendly, generous, and considerate . story: once there were children playing in the park on their bikes and they went for an ice cream but one had no money and his friends got mad at him but the ice cream man paid his and he realized that all people can Be generous, I come to her house and help her mom to download the copras from the supermarket, she added that she never felt very happy towards her mom and her mom said thank you but I have to work and keep walking and what she was walking a man found himself who had no money so he gave him 2 dollars and the man who did not have money to a handsome man, with a luxury car his wallet fell and the man picked it up and gave it to that handsome man with much money and that man always felt just for that reason he had so many luxurious voches because they made him feel good as soon as the other poor man was happy with what little he had, the handsome man was very happy that someone helped him until he saw a Sir, I didn't have a lot of clothes and it was December wue yep a couple of clothes, (but here you realize that all people can give something) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2636-change-the-world-with-kindness
A Deed for a Deed$I was traveling in my car from the south end of my state to the north end . I was going to help my sisters prepare for my father's funeral. He had died very unexpectedly at our family house, all alone. My heart was heavy.   About midway through my journey, I stopped at a small town espresso stand to stretch my legs and get a vanilla latte to help me through the second  half of my trip. After paying for the latte, I walked to my car but found I had locked my keys  and phone inside the car. I was already feeling overwhelmed and scattered so this incident was more stressful for me than usual. I walked back to the shop and asked the girl behind the counter if I could use the phone to call a locksmith. A man who was stocking the supplies in the shop overheard my dilemma. It turns out, he was also the owner of the shop. As the locksmith worked, I saw that the two men exchanged a few words. It was clear that these two small town business owners knew each other. I was getting ready to pay the locksmith when the coffee shop owner came up, gave the locksmith a $20 gift certificate to the coffee shop  and sent him on his way. Though these two men were aware they had done a good deed for a passer-by they didn't know just how much this gesture meant to me at that particular day and time. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2635-a-deed-for-a-deed
Knock on effect$I was clearing out my garage and found a hamster cage. I put it on a free cycle site. A lady asked for it and as I live out of town we arranged to meet outside of Sainsbury's. she gave me a lovely bunch  of Daffodils as a thank you.  I then went to the post office and got talking to an elderly lady behind me in the queue. She said her mother was welsh and daffs always reminded her of her mother.  I was then called to the post office desk. afterwards I wished I had given her the flowers. Later on I bumped into her again so was able to give them to her.  She seemed very pleased. Then I went into a charity shop to get some wool to knit hats for the shoebox charity. The assistant asked what I was knitting and when I told her she gave me an enormous bag for just a couple of pounds. It was such a lovely afternoon. I made other people happy and others made me happy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2634-knock-on-effect
Never be afraid to show love and kindness$I met a woman who showed me kindness through teaching me how to be kind through showing me love and compassion. I was a young teenage girl who was homeless and broken. I had family but they didnt know how to be kind because of circumstances we had gone through. She took me in and taught me how to take care of myself, work, and how to care for others. She is now 80 years old and I, 54. I visit her as much as I can and care for her when her family can't, and I thank the Lord for her and thank the Lord that I am able to do so! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2632-never-be-afraid-to-show
The Kindness Rock$The rock is nice $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2631-the-kindness-rock
Random Acts of Kindness- Tiffany Alanori$I wanted to take a moment to recognize the most humbling moment I experience by learning that my daughter in Phoenix, Arizona has been working diligently to help support the homeless situation during this unprecedented times of COVID 19. She has been raising money to help support them through donations of water, supplies and preparing meals for them. An impressionable young lady that only wants to make a significant impact in the community to lead herself to sharing the love and care to people that are in need. She is a true representation of what is needed in today's world. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2630-random-acts-of-kindness-tiffany
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
random acts of kindess$1.We can do this so that later we make things. 2.Learning news is good because later you can know a lot. 3.A desperate person passing by a sidewalk can read the message and cheer up. 4.It can help people who always do the dishes at home if they have a dishwasher. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2629-random-acts-of-kindess
A Stuck Kite$I helped a little kid get a kite out of a tree when I was biking outside. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2627-a-stuck-kite
I help my old neighbour.$In spring and in summer, I do work on her ground. For example, I scrape her ground, I sweep the parking, etc. I love do this, because she is old and she is not able to do all this work. She do just a little bit of work. She loves my work. All winter, I scrap her step. She is very happy, because I am very good to scrap her step. I love my neighbour. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2626-i-help-my-old-neighbour
bedtime story$I read storeys to my little sister because these only 4  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2625-bedtime-story
playing a board game with kindness...$i was playing a board game with my step-mother, dad and sister.... and it was pretty fun! the goal is to finish the game with the most money (fake money) and there are cards that say ( choose a player to give 500$ to the bank ) or (steel 1200$ from another player ) well usually the player has to choose who will pay them or the bank and i would always count myself volunteer to pay them with my (fake money) because i was the richest and i was winning and i would say - here i'll do it- and at the beginning i had 2685$ but at the end of the game i finished with 50$ and i lost!!!! but it felt real good to be kind and volunteer !!! you should try it it's worth it!!!!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2622-playing-a-board-game-with
Happy Act of Kindness$I do charity with my Mom every year and I felt happy each time people receives my things, cause they can be useful for people who need them. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2621-happy-act-of-kindness
Returning of cell phone.$Thank you, to the person that found my cell phone at the Morton Cefcu Drive through window. This man brought the phone to Peoria and gave it to my neighbor. Thank you very much. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2619-returning-of-cell-phone
A walk with my grandparents' dog$When I was doing camping with my grandparents, I was going to walk with their dog. Because my grandparents are sometimes sleeping until 9 or 10 am. And they couldn't get him out in the morning. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2618-a-walk-with-my-grandparents
ACT OF KINDNESS $I MAKE KRAFTDINNER SAUCISSE FOR  MY MOM AND MY DAD ,MY LITTLE BROTHER,MY LITTLE SISTER . AND FOR PET I MAKE NUGET OF SOLMON. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2616-act-of-kindness
STORY OF KINDNESS ABOUT MY FAMILY$MY LITTLE SISTER IS VERY SHARING PERSON WHIT HER TOYS. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2615-story-of-kindness-about-my
story of kindness$My  driver is very fine  beacause he`s Driving  me  to school, evryday.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2614-story-of-kindness
My forest$Me and my father have clean my forest because during winter many dead branches have fallen to the ground. After me and my father went to the eco-center to leave our dead branches there. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2613-my-forest
the family $I call my aunt she was very happy to hear me and we talk for a while now i know more about her and she know more about me ezemple she is pregnant $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2612-the-family
save the world$My street is not very clean because of a lot of waste . I tell my self   that i will clean for last hour the day.I clean my street for the save the world. Now I put all my waste in a bin and I avoid taking a lot of natural resources  I did this to save my street and the planet everyone did this to save our planet these my story then end $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2611-save-the-world
random act of kindness$When taking a walk, say hello to a person who is also taking a walk and wish them a good day. Write down someone’s best qualities and give them the list. Make a kindness rock Write kind quotes on sticky notes and place them randomly in your neighborhood. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2609-random-act-of-kindness
Random Acts of Kindness$For the delivery man and driver I tell them it's going to be fine, in front of my house I write stay home and you will be healthy, every day I learn new words in English and for Mother's Day I will make a 3D card in the heart. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2606-random-acts-of-kindness
Kindness at home$Today look like a normal day. The sun is here and evrybody look happy. Im walking on the street, siging my favorite song. I was smiling until i see a little girl crying. « Are you ok? » i said. « I lost my doooooog!!! » she said. I help her find her animal and she hug it. « Thanks you so much » she said. I walk away, happy. I saw an old person serching for her glasses. I take them and i give them to her. « Thanks honey! » said the old girl. Today is the best day ever. Why? Because today i help some peoples, and this is kind. Be kind make us happy.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2605-kindness-at-home
Nice •yeet• week!!$ Last week I help my mom to do a cheese cake. mmmmm!!! Yummmy!! The next day,  I help my mom to do the super  and she appreciate. Finaly, I help my dad my mom my grandmother all this week.ohhh! I forgot l!!!!!! I did a recipe for my mom in this week! It was  a spanash egg boruto.Sorry, it was not a spanash egg boruto like in naruto it was a burrito. (XD) Now you now more about my week.       ☆☆☆《END》☆☆☆ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2603-nice-yeet-week
-Plant$Last week me and my brother saw some plants dying cause they did not add enough water so we watered them. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2602-plant
recycle it is well done$Every Saturday, I collect the empty water bottle plugs and give them to an association to recycle them for the disabled in order to make wheelchairs. I love this act of kindness because we have to help the others $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2601-recycle-it-is-well-done
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
just hello$Greet someone passing and tell them to have a good day with their family. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2600-just-hello
Help your friends in need$I just made a new friend at my school and let me tell you a bit about her.Her name is Nicolette-Kate and her family name is Urgel. She doesn't like that name, so we call her Nikki. She has long hair with. Blond highlights and she has a toupee she has a really good style and she is really pretty. She just moved from her home in the Philippines. Where school in Quebec is really different for her. She has to learn to speak French to understand and pass her exams. She is quite good at speaking in French, but she also has a lot of difficulties. And she will soon have a presentation to present to her class which will be almost impossible for her to do. So I decided to help her with her oral. I helped her with her research, to do her sign and to review it. I must say it was mostly me who did everything but at the end she had an A- and im proud of her shes been really improving and I don't regret anything I think it was a nice gesture and I would do it again. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2599-help-your-friends-in-need
Call my family $It was a day like the other. In the afternoon, my mom ask to me, my sister and my brother if we wanted to call my family in Africa. To see if they were okay because of COVID-19. It did us good! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2596-call-my-family
creat a bookmark and place it in a book to be discovered$Monday I made a really beautiful bookmark, it's very colorful and I put it in one of my favorite discovery book $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2593-creat-a-bookmark-and-place
Quality of my sister $I looked for qualities on the internet  since I am not too good in English. I showed the qualities to my sister and she was very  happy and said thanks you  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2592-quality-of-my-sister
Covid-19 can't believe but we can!$If you believe, things will get better in the futur. Every day you should believe in yourself and remember that there will always be someone who believes in you. I believe, you believe, we believe, the world believes!  share this massage to friends or family members $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2591-covid-19-cant-believe-but-we
The Poor women $So one sunny day I was walking with my sister to the shop next door to get some milk for my mom .As we where walking I spotted a old lady begging for money to buy some food so I decided to give her all I had in my pocket and she juste smiled at me and that was so worth seeing her smile. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2589-the-poor-women
Mister kidness$Once upon a time , A little green guy named Mister Kidness was living in a heart house. He was alaways giving hugs to every body. One time, he was sick so he asked miss sunshine to help him. Miss Sunshine said that she had a pic-nic with mister smile. Mister Kidness was sad.  Three days later, Mister joke comes at the house and he makes a cup of tea to his friend Mister Kidness. When Mister Kidness started to drink, a jelly bear exit of the cup. Mister Kidness was scared so gess what MisterKidness do. He started to laugh $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2587-mister-kidness
help us$It's  just for help us and for make my parents   breakfeast    ,lunch or dinner . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2585-help-us
treat people the way you want to be treated$When i was little and i went and played with other people they would make fun of me because of my size and i didn't really like sports at the time i normally told my mum about them she would say''It does not matter if people are mean to you just go out there and be yourself and remember treat people how you want to be treated'' . I always stuck with what my mum said well i did get in a few fights here and there i wasn't physical though i always said sorry afterwards.  So remember treat people the way you want to be treated. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2584-treat-people-the-way-you
Please, Stay at home! $Hi, this is a story about Covid-19. If you can stay at home you could save millions of lives.  Think only about going out for food, appointments and emeregencies! Thank you very much for staying at home if you can! Together we will beat that Covid-19! Finally , help your family, neighbours and your friends by respecting  social distancing! Thank you very much!  Sandrine Venne Grade 6 École St-Jean de Brébeuf Gatineau $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2583-please-stay-at-home
FaceTime my family$I called my cousin to see how he was in quarantine because he lives in a different country and I wanted to know how it was like in he’s country.He was surprised that I called him cause I never call my cousins unless it’s an emergency.He said everything was good and he is excited to go back out.And what I did was a good act of kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2579-facetime-my-family
Face time$Since we are in quarantine and everyone is bored,  it is important to face time your family and friends. They are just as bored as you and it will make them happy. It will give them something to do and you can stay in touch with them that way. FaceTime is very fun and I think we should all be doing that right now.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2578-face-time
Gifts in the distance$                      Gifts in the distance This year, because of the coronavirus, we celebrated easter at home. We did a family video reunion and we had planty of chocolate, but it seemed like it wasn’t enough. I remembered all the easters of my life and I saw that each year we gave and not just received. So I had an idea, I started to draw with my sister and my brothers. Finally, we send our drawings and everybody was happy.   I hope you will do the same for your family wathever appends.                                                                                                                   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2577-gifts-in-the-distance
Kindness rock$I do a kindness rock. I took rocks at my cottage. After i peinted and decorated them. I wrote a kindness  message.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2575-kindness-rock
Just Hello!$When like you see a person in the street you have just to say an hello and you will do is day $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2574-just-hello
Cake story$One evening my mom had a bunch of work to do and she also had to make a cake for all my family.  So I decided to help her because she was already so busy and she wanted to make the cake very fast so she would have time to do her other work.  I told her I will help her make the cake even tho she didn't ask me to help her. She was so happy to hear that and she accepted. I was very proud of myself.  We made the cake together and it turned out wonderful I was shocked because I only made cake once in my life and our cake was so delicious. With my help it was quite easy and fast. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2572-cake-story
A walk at a train station$Today, my dad and I went to a train station. I decided to pick up many pieces of trash that were on the grass and then put them in the recycle bin. I found some wrapping papers, plastic bags, straws and a lot of cigarette butts. At the end, I was very proud of myself but it was disgusting. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2571-a-walk-at-a-train
one smile$one smile $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2570-one-smile
an idea$Make a handmade card for the postman and put it in the box letter and wait! Be kind! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2569-an-idea
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
I help my cousin$I was sliding in the snow and i saw my cousin alone .So i said to him come slide with me. It was really fun and he showed some really cool tricks to do. So i helped him and now hes more happy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2568-i-help-my-cousin
I Helped My Mother$Because of the quarantine, my mother is working at home none stop by doing chores. So I did a chore without my mother asking me to do it. The chore is washing the dishes. Then, when she saw me do the dishes, she was like: “What are you doing? Go do your homework” and I said “I want to do the dishes for you”. Then she said “okay” and smiled at me, so I was happy.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2567-i-helped-my-mother
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!$Sometimes you don't need to do something huge for a person to make her be happy.  Every years I try to make a little thing for the members of my family. What a better moment that their birthday. Just to give a little gift ( not obligate to cost all the gold of the world ) but just something that you maybe made,or a cake or you know what just to say happy birthday or thank you  can be enough for a person to make her smile. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2566-happy-birthday
Not always yourself comes first but the poor too! $I always have extra change in my pockets  sometimes  well  going to my therapy i go give the change to the poor :)  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2565-not-always-yourself-comes-first
i helped my autistic cousin$so one day we were diying easter eggs and my cousin jamie was outside alone so i went outside and told him to come diy eggs with us so he said ok so we went inside i told hime to grab an egg and put it the scoop then i showed him how to put the scoop with the egg in the egg diy so he did and he got used to it and his eggs looked like dinousaur eggs $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2563-i-helped-my-autistic-cousin
Kind quotes $Hi! In this story, I will talk about  kind quotes that you stick in the neighbourhood.  When i read it in the package, I know that i would do it. So now I will give some exemples.You can write: -  Have a good day! -  Don't worry,  be happy! -  Be positive! -  You would never regret being king. You can write what you want! Zoé Canuel $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2561-kind-quotes
Call a familly $Calling the familly is basic. Calling is other way to speak between we. In calling you can create difference feeling, good, bad or neutral feeling. The feeling exchange au expense of the relationship. Calling is important because he give the capacity to speak at distance.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2559-call-a-familly
good action$my mom needed to clean the house but she was going to buy food so I cleaned for her  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2556-good-action
Helping Out A Homeless Man$Last year on black Friday, my brothers friend, my brother and I went to a mall.  When we were walking back to the metro, I saw a homeless man on the side of the road. He looked very sad and I wanted to brighten up his day. I had about 10 dollars left and I gave it to the homeless man. He got up and gave me a big hug. My heart warmed up when I saw his reaction. I felt less sick. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2555-helping-out-a-homeless-man
Un acte de gentilesse n'est jamais inutile  ( the story is in english)$A little girl choosing is birthday cake but is mother cannot afford it, she is missing money.  A gentleman,saw the situation and bought the cake for her.  He gave hem in recognition of the same gesture that we had for him as a child.  She brought the cake to her grandfather who knows how to be the initiator of the first cake given to the gentleman.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2554-un-acte-de-gentilesse-nest
🌈the rainbow rock🌈$🌈As we're in quarantine, I painted a rock by making a small rainbow and I wrote: It will be ok. I did it for give hope to those who pass by in front of my house... 🌈 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2553-the-rainbow-rock
Random act of kindnesse story $Everyday I help out my mom make her tea and i help her cook by cutting the vegetable . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2551-random-act-of-kindnesse-story
Helping my Dad $My kindness Story is when  i saw my dad cleaning the room, washed dishes and cooked food i decided to help him out secretly. When my Dad saw the washing machine was empty he was impressed. he look at his room and saw all the clothes  fold on bed. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2548-helping-my-dad
Keep it green!$My friends and I saw a lot of garbage in the river under a bridge nearby. We decided to clean this part of the river  with  a fishing net and we found : a golf ball, a knife, broken porcelain, and other things like that. We are going to continue our project because the river is very dirty.  So please keep the river, and the grounds clean. Tanks you!                                                                                                                                                                                      Gabrielle. O. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2547-keep-it-green
The money on the ground$There was a day when I was in the USA, I saw 5 $ 20 bills on the ground, I took it and I gave it to the poor. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2546-the-money-on-the-ground
Call a grandparent cousin aunt or uncle$Calling members of your family is always a good act. They will always be happy to hear your voice. They will also think that it is very thoughtful of you and that they know that you love them and that you will never forget about them. And no matter what, they will always call you back. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2545-call-a-grandparent-cousin-aunt
Best teacher $My teacher call me every week to get my news even if we don’t see  each other. She does her best to talk to us.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2544-best-teacher
One nice word$Hello! Just know that one nice word can brighten up someone's day! Today I went up to everyone in my family and said what I love about them most. They were surprised and I realized that none of us had really ever said that to each other. It made me happy inside when I said those nice things and it's not too late for you to do the same! One nice word can change someone's day :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2543-one-nice-word
Clean the house$Yesterday, me, my brother and my sister clean the house because my parents are busy to work. I clean the floor, my brother pass the vacuum and my sister do the depusting. It was fun because during I was doing my work, I was listening music. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2542-clean-the-house
Always be kind!$Being nice is always going to make yourself happy and also to the person who you are being nice to. That is why one day I went to the store and I wasn’t in a great mood. When I went to pay the lady infront of me wasn’t in a great mood. While she was scanning the grocery, I was thinking that if I’m nice to her at least I would make someone happy. So I smiled at her, I said thanks and I wished her a great day. She said thanks for making my day and I felt really happy. Finally both of us were happy because kindness was in the air. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2540-always-be-kind
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Handmade Card$So this week I made an handmade card. In the front it said HAPPY QUARANTINE, I decide to take pictures of it and send it to my best friend. I wrote some sweet this in it for her and I also wrote Wash your hands kiddo XD  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2539-handmade-card
 My little brother$I go in my little brother's bedroom to take care of him. His name is Léonard, he is five years old and I love him. Léonard is full of energy, smart, kind, cute and can be excited sometimes. It helps my parents while they are busy working. I love spending time with my little brother! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2538-my-little-brother
a little act can make people happy$°we weren`t in quarentine  that day°   i called my grandmother to ask her if she was okay , she said that she  was sick and alone because her daughter was at work so i came to see her and keep her company, i talked to her , helped her cooking and make her laugh  she was really happy and was feeling better. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2537-a-little-act-can-make
the lost cat$I found a cat in the park and he had a collar writing his address I found where he lived I gave him to the gentleman and he was happy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2533-the-lost-cat
There is too much of waste in nature.$One day, I decide to go biking. A few minutes later, I realize that there was very much of wastes on the street. So, I pick up nearly seven of them, and I put them all in the trash. I was very proud of me. I think that every people should do this everyday, but it isn't the case. I hope that soon, it will be.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2532-there-is-too-much-of
Act of kindness$Since the coronavirus started everyone say: it will be fine!I wrote a little text on my house parking with chalks. Also I draw three rainbows. I think people who watched my text and my rainbow are happy! I am really proud of me because I took up my challenge. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2531-act-of-kindness
Rainbow in windows$Right now and with everything that is going on with this pandemic, I think that nobody is happier and the number of sick people is increasing every day and that it is getting worse and worse.  Schools, restaurants and nurseries are all closed except grocery stores and pharmacies and of course hospitals are the most important.  And we don't know how long we will stay like that, it depends on us if we do the protective gear, it won't increase, and we will go back to school, there are a lot of things we can do to  bring joy to people just by drawing a rainbow and writing "it's going to be fine" and sticking them to the window, it brings hapiness and hope to people who pass by our houses  . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2530-rainbow-in-windows
My kindness act of the day$Today I choose  to call my cousin  and i tell him that when the pandemic is going to stop he can come to my house and play naruto storm 4 together. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2527-my-kindness-act-of-the
acts of kindness$acts of kindness are actions that are good. Doing these acts is like making a plesire to everyone is also like kindness and always being ready to help others in their difficulties, being a kind, smiling and sociable person. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2525-acts-of-kindness
Kindness life$My life is full of kindness. I going to share 3 kind deeds. Number one is   my mom helps us three every day with school work. Number two is  again my mom she dose a around the house mostly when my dad is not home. Number three  is once again is my mom she has to deal with all of us three kid! Trust me we are a lot to deal with!! I did three kindness act because there kids in the family.  p.s start a kindness crew it will help spread kindness! have a great rest of your day. BE KIND! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2524-kindness-life
My mom s'qualities $I'm going to talk about my mother's qualities.  First, my mother is helpful she likes to help people.  Second, she is very kind to those around her. Third, she is still confident in herself.  Fourth, my mother is funny, she likes to make people she loves laugh. Finally, she is generous; she likes   to give to people.  My mother is the best in the world. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2523-my-mom-squalities
The good habits of life.$morning routine. Every morning when you get up in the morning you make your bed, then brush your teeth and do your morning routine. When you are done you say hello to your family. If you are mature and responsible you can help parents make breakfast, when you are finished you call your family you eat as a family. The evening routine. after eating with your family or alone, you go do your evening routine. When you finish you have a small healthy snack like (an apple, strawberry, orange, milk ...) it is good so that you will be in good shape.  If you are a person who likes to sleep very badly, you are like me. You are done with your routine. You can stay in bed all night if you want. It is very good to do your routine before going to sleep. if you do next you will forget and next day you will snore very badly and no one would like to say hello. But if you do like that you will be healthy and a lot of people would like to say hello. gonna help you someday. Bye take care of yourself with your family. Kiss. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2521-the-good-habits-of-life
Place kind messages in your windows$Like ‘’it will be fine’’ or ‘’we are going thru this’’. So, people can get inspired as they drive or walk by. I think this little gesture can make a difference for the moral of some people for whom it would be more difficult. I encourage this truly kind practice. We can also stick some rainbows like most people in the world. So, to conclude, everything is going to be FINE.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2519-place-kind-messages-in-your
Some Good News and an Act of Kindness for the NHS :)$Dear Random Acts of Kindness Team, I hope you and your family are well and coping through this pretty testing time. I wanted to just drop you a note about an act of kindness that my wife and her company are doing to give back to the NHS staff who are putting their lives on the line daily for us. (She doesn’t know that I am contacting you). They are asking people to nominate their friends and family who work for the NHS and will pick a winner at random to give a diamond ring of their choosing worth £2,000. This may not seem like a huge amount compared with famous gestures but as a family run business, during a time when they’ve had to close most of their business, this is what they can afford to give back to the people who we rely on to look after the whole country.  If however business continues to run at a reasonable level, they want to add more people to gift this to, rather than just one. This is the post and business: www.instagram.com/purelydiamonds #mynhsdiamond Any act of kindness is so important at this time and I wanted to really highlight what they are doing to give back in some small way and I thought it is just the type of thing you would like to read and news you’d like to spread. In times like these, we’ve got to come together and support each other and be thankful... and hopefully put a big smile on someone’s face with some sparkle 😊 Thanks and please stay safe. Zoe x $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2518-some-good-news-and-an
giving a good amount of money to the beggers$So last year I was doing grocery in a market, when I had finished doing grocery their was an old man sitting outside asking for money, so then I was thinking  if I should give a bit of money, then I gave the old man money but its wasn't like 1 dollar like that I gave him 10 dollars and said god bless you  then continue to walk away.that's what I call random acts of kindness for me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2517-giving-a-good-amount-of
nice rocks$i coleced rockes and painted them and wrote nice messages on them and put the rocks allover my neighber hood without any contact with anione. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2516-nice-rocks
Cake for my grand-mother!!!$Today is  the birthay of my grand-mother Claudette. We can not see her because we are in quarantine. So me ,my brother ,and my mother decided to make a cake for her. My mother went to the grocery to buy brownies ( that we have to do). Then we did the brownies and my mother ,my brother, and I went to my grand-mother house to give  her on this gallery. She was very happy !!!!!!!!! (to meters)  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2515-cake-for-my-grand-mother
am kind$i help my dog so muche give him food hich day $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2514-am-kind
The old man$In a beautiful day, a old man is feeding birds in a park. This old man's name is Arthur. Arthur love birds. He is going to park everyday for feed birds but this man is blind. Everyday, someone help this old man to go on the bench and this person is kind. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2513-the-old-man
A nice little gesture is not dangerous, for example greeting people on the street, making a card and placing it in front of any door on the street, calling your grandparents, tidying up your room or simply talking to your parents without having your phone with you. All this as a small gesture often makes people happy.$"A NICE LITELL GESTURE IS NOT DANGEROUS, FOR  EXAMPLE GREETING PEOPLE ON THE STREET, MAKING A CARD AND  PLACING IT IN FRONT OF ANY DOOR ON THE TREET, CALLING YOUT  GRANDPARENTS GRANDPARENTS, TIDYING UP YOUR ROOM OR SINPLY TALKING TO YOUR PARENTS WITHOUT HAVING YOUR PHONE WITH YOU. All THIS  AS A SMALL GESTURE OFTEN MAKES PEOPLE HAPPY." $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2512-a-nice-little-gesture-is
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
The little kid lost$Once i found a little child he wast lost he couldn't find that mom anymore i want to the home and i said to the same that he could no longer find her mom she called the mom of this kid on the microphone and she came to her son. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2510-the-little-kid-lost
One person$I do an activity with my brother $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2508-one-person
Learning about my family$Ever since the quarantine started, i have nothing to do. So instead watching tv, i help my family by doing many chores and activity. It's interesting to see that i didn't know my family that much. Now, even if we're stuck at home, i am very close with my family and i can learn more about kindness.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2507-learning-about-my-family
From 20 April to 24 April acts of kindness - Raphael$On April 20 I called my cousin the two of us were bored. So we talked. We wondered what he did during his day. If their new trampoline was cool. What they had eaten. If his brother is fine. Because my cousin likes to play with his friends, play sports, but stay at home boredom. So calling it feels good and also our dogs love to play together. So we made sure they saw each other. But they don't realize it and that makes us laugh. On April 21 I made signs in the window  it went well with my family because my mother bought paint we made rainbows like that the deliveryman and other will be better and happy On April 22 I helped my parents to clean up our yard.  I had to pick up garbage to throw it away so I took an old can of root beer and after I saw one of my texts of 5 th grade so I kept it. It makes a nice souvenir. Friday April 24th, I make a bookmark. It was a drawing of a muscle building chicken. In short, my mother could not find it. I had hidden it in a recipe book. But since we are in confinement. I always do evening meals so she never cooks. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2505-from-20-april-to-24
Family in Covid-19$My act of kindness is that I call my grand-mother every day, and I also take 6 feet distance walks with my other grandma and grandpa, and they seem to really appreciate it. I also call my aunt and my 5 years old cousin ,I think they really like it too.I also help my mom with some cleaning, and sometimes I make supper for my family. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2504-family-in-covid-19
The giveway$i was walking around with my mom,in the subway and the was a lot of homeless people,i gave away some of my saving to a homeless mom and her kids.That really made my day. this taught me to allways have compacity for others $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2503-the-giveway
Make a memory box$I started doing this when me and my boyfriend were sending letters to each other. So I had the idea of doing a safe place for my letters so I took a shoe box and started decorating it and you can do whatever you want do decorate it. I did this with the idea that when I older i'm  gonna see my box full of my old memories and i'm gonna understand my feelings of when I was younger.  And cherish it for the rest of my life. I hope you have fun doing this and put plenty of beautiful memories in your'e little box!   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2501-make-a-memory-box
Ça va bien aller$Ever since the corona virus has started I haven't seen my friends so I made a sign instead. I made a sign like a few other people in my bloc that says « Ça va bien aller ». On the sign there's also a rainbow. My school says that making a sign with an encouraging message counts as an act of kindness so this was mine.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2499-ca-va-bien-aller
I AM VERY KIND WITH MY GRANDPARENTS $One day , I called my grandmother to ask her how containment was going on for her . She told me that she was fine and that she misses me . I told her that I miss her too and that I can't wait to see her again to give her a big hug .🥺🥺📞 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2497-i-am-very-kind-with
Birthday surprise $Last week was my brother's birthday. But since everyone was stuck at home, he couldn't celebrate it with his friends and family. He was very sad, but my parents organized a big surprise! They called the people around us and asked them to make a short video to wish him a happy birthday. After receiving the videos, they put them together to make a Party Video. He was very happy! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2496-birthday-surprise
A day at Stoneham$Last year, I went to Stoneham to ski with my mother, my sister and my aunt. In the middle of the mountain, there is a pist with a snowpark. I did the snowpark with my sister, but she didn't do the jumps with me. I went to do the first jump and I love it so I did the second one but I had too much speed so in the air I lost the control and I fell so hard on the ground. Luckily, there were teenagers near me. They saw me and they helped me. One of them asked me what's my mom's phone number. I told him the phone number, so when he did it on his phone, it didn't work because his celphone didn't have battery. So, they helped me to go down at the bottom of the mountain, where I saw my mother with my aunt and my sister. They were very kind. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2495-a-day-at-stoneham
The great news $My friends, cossins and school miss me . All that persons that l always see  mis me. One day in a week, l told myself that l will call m friends and relatives because they miss me. l call them and l feel so good after all that calls just like they was there with me.so guys the great news is that we may still be confined , but we are closer to our lovers than we think so we have to stay in contact with our relatives, friends and more.    $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2494-the-great-news
A picture from kindness$My father, my sister and i drew a picture and wrote that  Covid-19  will end soon and that every thing will be alright. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2493-a-picture-from-kindness
A picture from kindness$My father, my sister and i drew a picture and wrote that  Covid-19  will end soon and that every thing will be alright. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2492-a-picture-from-kindness
sisters birthday$It was my sisters birthday yesterday and she did not get a cake or a present because of all of this that is happening. I decided to make a cake by my myself and bought her a toy that she really wanted from Toys R Us. At night we sang her happy birthday. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2491-sisters-birthday
Put message on the windows.$The first day of coronavirus I put design of rainbow in the front of my window. Rainbow is a sign of the hope and when people walk in the streets people look the rainbow. People like rainbow. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2490-put-message-on-the-windows
Called grandpa$I have call my grandpa today because is he birthday and I don’t go at her house because the coronavirus and the region are closed. Tank you. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2488-called-grandpa
The phone call$One day my family and I where going on a walk and this girl started talking to us and said that she was home alone and the electricity in her house went out so she was scared and needed help to call her parents. The girl asked if she could use our phone to call her parents. After the call, she said thank you which my family and I responded: ''We're glad to help.'' $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2486-the-phone-call
Foster a pet up for adoption.$Fostering dogs or cats is very good. This pets need love and comfort. They love to be treat well by their masters. Be adopted is like a gift for them. They are starting a new life. If you adopt a dog, please don't abuse them because they don't deserve to be treated like that.                                                                                                 J-F VV $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2485-foster-a-pet-up-for
My grandmother always cooks for me$She is really nice. When we were visiting her, she cooked a big lunch for twenty peoples and we were just seven peoples! So she gave us the  rest that we took back home. And every time I visit her, she prepares my favorite dessert. My grandmother is the best granny in the world. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2483-my-grandmother-always-cooks-for
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
My kindness is learning  something new$In this difficult time of quarantine it’s hard to find something to do. So my dad told about this old tv series called cosmos hosted by Carl Sagan, a very intelligent man and he talks about space, life, physics and cultures.We have watched 11 episodes so far, we are hoping to watch them all very soon $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2482-my-kindness-is-learning-something
Clean your neighborhood $You take a bag and some gloves and you take a long walk. When you see trash you pick it up and put it in the bag so your environment is clean.The planet will thank you later. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2479-clean-your-neighborhood
random act of kindness$Pull out those vintage clothes, old halloween costumes and ugly Christmas sweaters and put a fun spin on your next video call. Take a picture and share with others to encourage the fun! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2478-random-act-of-kindness
MOM$I help my MOM $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2477-mom
A funny birthday!$March 14th was my birthday, I tearned 14 years old.  since were in quarantine we couldn't do much.  my dad surprised me and bought me a small chocolate mouse cake.  My dad, sister and mom were recording me right when I was about to cut the cake.  but my mom stopped, she got next to me casually.  She took the cake with her hands ang while I wasn't looking, she smashed the cake in my face.  I was pretty much covered in chocolate frosting, but it smelled delicious from my point.  Everyone started laughing, so was I.  My family all yeld 'happy birthday!' to me.  Even though my friends weren't here, I still had a blast.  It actually might be the best birthday yet!  Maybe quarantining doesn't suck as much. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2476-a-funny-birthday
Learn Something new $I am reading in internet the new on the world and follow the pandemic in newspaper. I am looking documentary of the animals.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2475-learn-something-new
letter for my friends$I sent my friends a letter that I wrote by hand. In it I told them how much I miss them $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2471-letter-for-my-friends
The birds $this week I made a bird perch. I painted it in multicolor so that the birds go there and I will put seeds there so that they can eat quietly. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2469-the-birds
To everyone who are on the front line and to people who are staying at home :)$Hi ! First, I want to say thank you to people who are working in the hospital and people  who are essential services.  I know that now, it is very difficult for a lot of people but, we have to keep your spirits up even if it's more hard these days. Also, I want to say thank you to the people who are staying at home. Sometimes, we just want to go outside, to be with our family and to go at the restaurant or  things like that. But, if you respect the rules and it would be done faster. To close up this text, KEEP THE MORAL. It is very important and it will help you to be more happy :)  Have a nice day and stay at home ! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2467-to-everyone-who-are-on
 A handmade card $Hi everyone, today im going to tell you a story. It's about  how I created a card for my bff's party. I created this card in relation to what she  likes and to her passions.  So, I tried to imagine drawings and  colors that she would like . I gave her my card and she liked it.  And i was happy too. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2465-a-handmade-card
My act of spontaneous generosity$Last week, I wrote two letters to my neighbors. I wrote to them that if she needed my help or groceries, I would be there to help them. Unfortunately, they already had help. However, my two neighbors were touched and they thought it was a nice act of generosity on my part. Charlotte $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2464-my-act-of-spontaneous-generosity
Parents breakfast$The other morning, I prepared breakfast for my parents. The breakfast is a eggs sandwich. The ingredients are 1. One english muffin 2. One egg 3. A pinch of salt 4. A little bit mayonnaise 5. A slice of cheese 6. A slice of bacon.  My parents are happy and they liked it. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2463-parents-breakfast
How makes :-) in the covid-19 (coronavirus)$I help my brother, I read lot books and I stay at my home, I save lives. (same the ad ) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2462-how-makes-in-the
Kindness rock$I just finished making my kindness rock and I placed it out side for anyone to pick it up I hope that this could brighten someone’s day during these hard quarantine times. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2461-kindness-rock
the great news $My school, friends, cousines and other persons miss me. All that things that l always do miss me. but we have to now that even if this situation is complicad we have to be happy and stay in contact with all that persons because we never now wen this gonna be of so we have to be happy .   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2458-the-great-news
talk is goode action$this day i call my grandma for is good. my grandma was happy that i think about her . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2457-talk-is-goode-action
Helping a grandma and her grandson$one day I was at the park and there was a grandma with her grandson . The grandma had to go at a conference at the bulding nearby and i offered her to babysit her grandson during the conference so she could concentrate better .  I played with her grandson the whole time and when her grandma came back, she said I am a very good babysitter. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2456-helping-a-grandma-and-her
My friend’s mother likes to help people $Last time, I was going out to a restraint with my friend’s family. After we were done eating my friend’s mother took the rest and gave it to a homeless person $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2453-my-friend-s-mother-likes-to
my accident $Last year, I was with my friend at an amusement park. I was in line for a roller coaster and we got bored so we tried to climb on a bar to separate the lines. When I tried to climb I lost balance and fell on my chest. I thought I was fine, but then I had trouble breathing because of the pain in my chest, after that I had trouble standing up straight and literally standing on my feet. I got dizzy and fell down. People moved me to a bench with shadow, all I wanted to do was sleep but I had to stay awake so that I wouldn't loose consciousness again. If it wasn't for those people I would probably not recover so fast.    $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2450-my-accident
The homeless man$One day in the street these little guys where laughing at this poor man. A girl around 10 years felt bad for him so she and comfort him with telling him very funny jokes. The homeless guy had a big smile on his face and thank the girl. This story say that it’s okay to not give them money you can just aay funny things to them and you are gonna make their day¡ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2449-the-homeless-man
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
help$last year i had a bicycle accident and i wasn't conscious some people woke me up and some people helped me call my parents. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2448-help
What does it mean to be kind$What does kindness mean to you? It means that someone does something kind to someone else. to be kind is not easy but you can try it but in baby steps like helping people, be nice to everyone, etc. It takes time to be nice but when someone bully's you, you should ignore them, it is not easy but you should try it. When you think you get hang of it you can try things like this leave a kind note for delivery drivers, make a handmade card for someone, make a kindness rock, etc. you don't have to do some of these acts of kindness you can do some of your own. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2446-what-does-it-mean-to
''Money & Life''$When i was a kid i was'nt quite rich neither am i to this day..But i have learned that being rich is not the way to happiness.Being rich or poor is not always the same rich is that you have money and buy whatever you like being poor is less then that but atleast you don't brag around saying oh my god!! my father got me an Iphone 11 pro!!!..You should know that money is not all about life it's family,friends,boyfriends or girlfriends,kids that counts the most even you you're a beautifull person,generous,loving,kind person So don't let other people guide you down and make you feel like nothing because you are so much more then you think! no matter what you've been trought those people are jealous to see your smile? how your dressed? how your formed? well thats because they don't and never will have the same life as you! you are you! they are them! and no one can ever change that!.You're not comfortable in the body you are right now it's ok! Because alot of others are like that too! don't and never feel ashamed of who you are or what you are! you are a magnificente person so don't let others tell you you're not!. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2444-money-life
My mother smile at the sight of her caffe$My mother in the morning when she drink her caffe she drink it liguourously.For my mother if there is no caffe ul n,there is no reason to live.The caffe makes her smile and makes her leave from the best possible foot. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2443-my-mother-smile-at-the
The lost  dog $I was walking down the street because it was a  beautiful day, sunny and partly cloudy. Then, 10-15 minutes through my walk, I saw a dog walking by himself, I wondered where the owner of this lovely little creature was  . I started searching  for its owner, I saw  an  old woman and she said to me; "I am looking for my dog". I responded to her: "I found your dog, its just here, besides me. She said: "Thank you" and gave me a ticket for a concert this weekend. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2440-the-lost-dog
my only one$my only one is my family because they love me, they protect and teach me new things $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2437-my-only-one
Credit card lost$That was a day, when me and my mom we went to a store named Costco. We bought a lot of things like  flowers , milk, cheese, fruit, vegetables, eggs and a  new tv. After being to the checkout and going out of the store a women lost her credit card then I  take it and give it to the women who did not know her card has been lost . After that she said thank you and a lot of compliment  and that is the end of the story. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2436-credit-card-lost
Plant$When me and my brother played outside we saw some plant that where dying because they add no water.We gave them water. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2435-plant
Quarantined birthday! $Thursday, was my very good friends birthday. It’s very sad that we can’t see our friends and our family. So, I made her favourite cookies for her breaking of chocolat, heart-shaped. And I printed pictures of our moments! She was really happy! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2434-quarantined-birthday
The famous red bike story $I once had a bike, a fast one, you know a red bike. And a kid wanted my super duper red bike, and I had just gotten a new one so I gave him my famous red bike. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2433-the-famous-red-bike-story
I$bought my brother a game. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2432-i
Four words can change everythings.$I have post a letter for my grand-father of 85 years it was his birthday yesterday and I was not there for he. for excuse me I have post a letter to my grandpa and in this letter it's whrite I will be there for the reste of your life but I can't be there now and you now why. I know it's hard but, I WILL BE THERE this are my four words that can change everythings. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2430-four-words-can-change-everythings
Superhéros $My favourite superhéros is spider-man. He is nice, strong and beautiful. He saves a lot of life in his life. Spider-man loves to swing with his super solide webs.this is my hero  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2429-superheros
Cooking for her$today I and my sister made muffins for our sick grandmother $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2428-cooking-for-her
Give a phone to a friend$i will give to my friend a iphone 5 because recenttly i receive a iphone 6s and i want to give to my friend my other phone because i will don't use it and she doesn't have phone $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2426-give-a-phone-to-a
LOVE$I love everyone. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2425-love
Who's your one?$My one is my mom. She is always here when I need help because it's hard sometime. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2424-whos-your-one
A long journey for a message$Well all my family lives in Uruguay and I live in Canada. Si I decided to write each a letter. It took me 13 days but I did it. Keep in mind that I had to do 27 letters. So yeah that's it. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2421-a-long-journey-for-a
-Quotes-$Let your smile change the world but don't let the world change your smile I never lose either I win or I learn To love is to say I love you without speaking True love doesn't have a happy ending, because true love never ends. Creating your own story does not prove that you have imagination it only proves that you have experienced trials Keeping your head up does not always mean being happy, it just means that you still have the courage to keep moving. The virus may have taken everything from us, but it will not take away our determination and our desire to continue moving forward despite the difficulty. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2418-quotes
Thanks to all the  nurses who will work from Covid-19$ Thank you very much for risking your life against covid-19. You are very nice because without it we wouldn't have gotten there. Thank you so much again and take care of you! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2417-thanks-to-all-the-nurses
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
The power of love$During a rainy day, my mother was sad and depressed. But when I cuddled her and said I love her and she was happy again! It's crazy how strong the power of love is! It may be a simple story, but it is to show the irreproachable strength of love. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2414-the-power-of-love
Made sweet treats for your family!$The best way to tell your family that you love them is making sweet desserts. Everyone will enjoy eating them and you will have done your kindness act of the day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2413-made-sweet-treats-for-your
Call a grand-parent, cousin, aunt or uncle.$Everyday, I am calling my grand-mother for asking her " How she is feeling today?" We do school homework together. We have a lot of fun and we make a revision for back to school. She said me, I teach a lot of things in geography ans history. After, we talk about " What I did the day before ? " or  "What I do this after noon ? " and  I hang up in joy.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2412-call-a-grand-parent-cousin-aunt
Home reno$At 2015, my  family and me have at renovate the home.  I have help my dad with the reno. My  dad is  joiner,  he is very good in work.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2411-home-reno
the door$One peaceful day i went to the mall and i opened the door to people for about 30 seconds because their hands were full of groceries and new clothes. and i felt kind after this. i chose this story because i helped out people that i don't even know and they maybe would like some help. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2410-the-door
The  coronas virus$Every day, i stay home, i play vidéo game,i watch tv and i do my home work.All this at home. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2409-the-coronas-virus
Helping my dad in the garden$I saw that my dad was working alone in the garden so I decided to go help him. We had fun! If I didn't go help him, he would've been outside for double the time we worked together. Rami $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2408-helping-my-dad-in-the
funny bookmark$I wrote a kind note to my mother and hid it in my moms book she was so happy so I was happy for her  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2404-funny-bookmark
 Help with kindergarten students$This year I was new at my school in the 6th grade. I decided to help with the younger students in kindergarten. I helped them to find their way in school, to class, at recess and helped them to ask questions.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2403-help-with-kindergarten-students
Helping my mother by doing the dishes for her$Everyday, I do the dishes after diner. In doing that, I'm helping my mother so she can rest after doing the diner for the family. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2402-helping-my-mother-by-doing
Dinner for my family$Tonight I prepared the dinner for all my family to thanks them for everything they did for me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2399-dinner-for-my-family
the cake of hope$I decided to try out my new bakeware and so I made a cake . At the same time I wanted to surprise my family and so I made a three tier caramel cake. It was a great surprise for my brother and father and it made there day . It  was very delicious and made us all feel good. Patrick.v.Quinlan $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2398-the-cake-of-hope
THANK YOU!!$thank you to all the medical staff and all the health staff for being there for us. We love you very much. You are always there for us and for those who need it. THANK YOU!!! it will all be alright  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2395-thank-you
tomorow$tomorow i will make my dad a cake of some sort and i will decorate it with hearts $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2394-tomorow
who's your one $me its my best friend anthony he's always be here for me when i feel down and left out and he's always super nice to me $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2393-whos-your-one
Called the family📞📱$I call my grand-mother. {Georgette}.                                                               - hello!     -hello!     -how are you ?     -good and you ?     -me to!!!    - I call you to Know are you feel !!!     -Ok tank you and do attention of the covid-19!!     -Ok you to grand-ma!    -bye💛       -bye 💜                                                                                                    $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2392-called-the-family
never cut trees$when we cut trees =some animals are frustrated are sad why do you ask  well here is the correct or right answer: we cut down there home that they took 1 year exactlye and sooo yeah plante trees pick up every plastic or something else i dont now what and do something good for the everymint for you, us and for the wild life cause today is the earht and of mother and father nature s bday and soo you know what that means its the earth day and sooooo  yeah bassacly if you guys follow these rules i can guaranty you guys right now a good and peaceful life alive and dead  happy earth day everyone baaaiii Sarah $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2391-never-cut-trees
never say to your dog or cat that its a bad pet$i had a pet dog his name is peter and when i leave him in the house alone he would tare de pillows aparts and i d always call him a bad dog but then i had this idea to put a spy camera all over the house especcely the couch and after when i came back home i see the couch tared apart then  i took every camera and called peter then i realised that everything was going bad i saw him tried to find his food, his toys and blankets i said sorry too peter cause his bored and doesnt now what too do so id buy him a bone made of dog food in the Inside ever since that day l come home and saw that he was just bored . and yeah thats my storie for English class to creat a random story Sarah $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2390-never-say-to-your-dog
Calling family from far away $In this hard period of time its  good to have a call with my family . Today I called my aunt and had a good talk about evrything I  had very much fun and felt good to talk to her its been a long time ! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2389-calling-family-from-far-away
coffe$Some day I do coffe to my mom and dade .I get out de trash,clean the dishes,clean my room,clean the yard,clean the sofa ect.The thig I do the moste is give new watee to my dog $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2387-coffe
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
kind quotes by Sandrine Vincent. $i will put  post it's with positive quotes on them to give hope to people good  quotes  for feel better. i choose this because i want to people know de rules to stay careful. I  think that after reading the messages they will fell  better. finally, have a good day and stay at home its Very important. thank you. Sandrine Vincent. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2386-kind-quotes-by-sandrine-vincent
Giving my stuffed animals$I had too many stuffed animals and had to get rid of some. But I still loved most of them. Every two months my mom gives food, clothes, toys or else to the Big Brother organization. They pick up the bags an the porch. The Big Brothers is an organization to help the kids who have no money and who are poor. I helped them by giving some of my favorites teddy bears. A portion of the donations are sold to Savers, allowing the organization to fund several programs. I was sad about loosing my stuffed animals, but it made me feel good and warmed my heart that some kids who had no toys could enjoy them.  I felt so good about myself. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2383-giving-my-stuffed-animals
The surprise dinner$Monday, I do a surprise to my parents. I made dinner , I do their favorite meal. It was a succulent mac and cheese. They are very happy!!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2382-the-surprise-dinner
Grandma$She was in front of the door and I opened it for her. She could've opened it herself but I did it for her. That's it . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2381-grandma
visit single peaple$Today, I am writting to kindness.   I choose The visit single people because i love my grandfather.  I love to visit him because he give me a lot of candy .  Also,because i miss him .  my grandfather is alone because covid 19  I nerver have a similar situation because my grandfather live in his house and he fell very good.   I could do the housework and my bed for help my mother. When i want help to do my lunch i like when my mom comme help me or when i need  help to do the housework.  My mother is very gentle. I said always tank you at the person Grégoire Hould $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2379-visit-single-peaple
My kindness acts $Today is my father's birthday ... And I’ve prepared a homemade cake for him. Now that the cake is ready, I'm going to give it to her and we're going to have a family party !!! I really hope it will make him happy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2376-my-kindness-acts
HELP ANIMALS$if you like birds, you could install a bird feeder, so they can eat as much as they want. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2375-help-animals
bring appiness$For activity Random Acts of Kindness I choose to do cards for my family. My mother likes to do scrapbooking and she helps me doing cards. Then I will bring those to my family. In the same time, I have had a lot of fun with my mom.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2374-bring-appiness
the pros and cons of coronavirus$the downside of coronavirus is that we have to stay at home the advantage is that our planet is less polluted $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2364-the-pros-and-cons-of
A good friend$One day, when I was all alone, I previewed someone who played whit its friend. I got closer and I asked him his name. His name was Frederic. He introduced me to his friend and they accepted me. We played together for a longtime. Even today, despite some squabbles, we're still friend and we always play together whit our friends $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2361-a-good-friend
A family call$The other day, I and my brother did a FaceTime with all my cousins, my cousin and my grandmother to chat. We talked about camping, hunting and fishing. This was very comforting. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2360-a-family-call
Kind $Kindness is being always ready to help others in their difficulties, someone kind is  smiling and sociable. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2358-kind
I help somebody$In my school, I help a student, because  he don’t now or English or French just Spanish.My school is francophone  so they can’t talk whit him.Sometimes the secretary come in my class for help him. I now, one day we are gonna be friends. :D $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2357-i-help-somebody
learn something new$I like to learn things and i think that everybody need to learn something new. These days, i started to learn things about electronic and i like it.    $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2353-learn-something-new
Give to the poors$When I see poor people, I always want to give them money, but my mom says no. So I tell myself; when I'm going to be older, I'm going to give money to every poor pesonne I see, and i tink everyone shoud do that. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2352-give-to-the-poors
my dogs$I have 2 dogs my first dog is a  black chow chow his name is Ninja and my other dog is german shepherd Dexter. They always play with me and  we watch  movies together. Dexter and Ninja they get along all the time.Ninja is a moody dog he doesn't want to be bother when he is sleeping while Dexter love belly rub a lot i love spending time with them. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2351-my-dogs
What to do in quarantine $Are you bored? If so, well so am i.  But, I can help you with your boredom!  You can:  Do your chores  Do what you like....as long as it’s not destroying your house or your reputation You can maybe sing or draw And talk to your friends I hope that virus will be no more  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2346-what-to-do-in-quarantine
A simple call$Each week I try to call at my grandparents, aunts and uncles just to talk a bit.  To make them happy and to see what's happening in their country. That's how my simple call can help them by making them happy to see me and I'm happy to see them. Also during those hard times. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2345-a-simple-call
Delicious breakfast$Today, i cooked a beautiful breakfast for my parents. I put in the plate, eggs, toasts, sausages and fruits. Her beverage is a coffee. My parents was very happy !  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2344-delicious-breakfast
homeless person $Some people, when they see a homeless personne they give them money or food and drink. But not everyboby do this, sometimes bad people kick or stole the stuff of the homeless people. Thats  not correct. When I was in Boston, I see a homeless personne and I give him my Gatorade, He was very happy.  You are not obligated to give them something but when you do, it just make your day better. Loick R. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2343-homeless-person
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
help in the kitchen $I help my mom to do the supper. And i help my dad to do a cookie. Oder random acts of kindness! I help my Brother to do grad duty.  Now i help my sister to choose a nice song! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2342-help-in-the-kitchen
My grandmother laugh!$I wanted to share the story of my grandmother laugh because every time she say a funny story, it makes me laugh but when she starts laughing, it makes me sooooo happy!!! Her laugh is so funny and makes me smile every time. It is like magic!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2340-my-grandmother-laugh
 a simple sentence can help someone in depression$I help my she was in depression because she stepmother was really mean with her (I helped her to have more confidence in her).I said to her, which is stronger than and that it is not that stepmother who should make her lose confidence in herself even if she is naughty. She told me that I am right.She show me how she defends herself (she is good at defending everything that I wanted was courage Thanks for reading me CAUTION: even a small conversion can help someone in depression or who lacks confidence $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2338-a-simple-sentence-can-help
cendrillon $I like this story because I really appreciate the littles mouses i also like the fact of they need to find the glass slipper. This story is nice because the littles mouses are very working and  she also sings working. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2337-cendrillon
The post-It of kindness$Today I wrote a lot of little post-it and I hidde it on my neighbourhood. On each post- it there is a quotes of kindness . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2335-the-post-it-of-kindness
THE BEST FRIEND$I give a gift -card to  my friend because i love him and he is very nice with me $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2334-the-best-friend
breakfast$Last night my parents were working late so the next day made them pancakes for breakfast. They got there breakfast  in bed. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2333-breakfast
Act of kindness$“If you are kind with somebody, somebody will be kind with you. It’s not necessarily the same person or in the same place or at the same time, but maybe another ones” $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2332-act-of-kindness
The small coffee $A boy hug the persone of the coffee restaurant and smile at her.She give him a small coffee for his friend party. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2330-the-small-coffee
 I Helped my mother$Yesterday, I helped my mother to make her bed because she had washed her sheets. Like that, it took less time to do. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2328-i-helped-my-mother
acts of kidnesse$during this pendidie due to the covid-19 I miss my grant-parent and my friends to support them during this nightmare I will draw drawings and send them by post hoping that this will please them but during this time I will call them $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2325-acts-of-kidnesse
The little kid Austen$The story begins when his parents was rich and got a son. His name is Austen,he walk on the street one day and saw a poor man asking for money. Austen want to help him but he was to shy and scare, his dad told to be fine. Then Austen help the poor man and got proud and had a good life. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2324-the-little-kid-austen
Visit single people!$I visit my grandfather at his residence for people suffering  from  Alzheimer, for  talk and watch TV together.  Sometimes, we eat a snack! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2323-visit-single-people
Fill a Birdhouse with Seed for your Yard$Not only will you bring more types of birds to your yard, but you’ll help the environment in the process.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2322-fill-a-birdhouse-with-seed
Food Can Help$A few months ago, at school, it was lunch time and my friend and I were sitting at a table and when my friend opened his lunchbox, we realized what happened. That morning, we were just doing some stupid stuff to laugh and my friend was hitting his lunchbox on the fence... ..His thermos had exploded, and there was yogurt all over his lunchbox.  There was only a little bit of soup left, so I gave him my bowl of goldfish crackers. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2320-food-can-help
The candy woman$On the street I met a old woman.  She had a cane and she had dificulty to  walk.  I helped her to cross the street.  She was nice and she gave me a candy $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2319-the-candy-woman
A call with my familly$The last week, I called my grandmother to say to her Happy Easter. We talked just a little bit, but I  saw in her face that she was really happy and me to. We do not talk so much but when it is happening we are so happy. I think that when you do a random act of kindness everyone feel better. It is easy to do and it does not take so much time. You can help your parents with your chores without being asked or do  lunch for your familly. You can also just say to someone how much you love him because we do not say it enough. A random act of kindness, it can be so easy, but you will fell so much better after and the others to. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2318-a-call-with-my-familly
School at house$With covid, we do school at house.My little brother need help. So, i teach him mathematic, french and english. Felix  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2317-school-at-house
Gifts for my grandmother 🌈🎁$Hi i will give a gift for my grandmother, i will give her a card with a lot of Rainbow and a Rainbow bracelet. I will do this because i love my grandmother and she alone at her home, bye! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2316-gifts-for-my-grandmother
Save the world with me $I chose to pick up  pieces of trash on the streets. I find that it's important because, the icebergs  are melting and there are also animals and corals dying. All animals on the planet are disappearing . Help me to help the planet .Please pick-up waste in streets. Thank you! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2315-save-the-world-with-me
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
The Flash$when I turned on the TV I went back on netflix and I wanted to watch my favorite series the flash it's a series that adorns a boy that is transformed to a person who has become super hero and it's called flash because it's fast as an eclectic and it's the fast man alive. So I found that there was a new season so directly I told my friend that there was a new season just coming down and he was so excited. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2314-the-flash
My kindness drawing$On one day of quarantine, i had an idea. I want supports the person how works during this crisis so i draw a cloud with a rainbow and i following gouvernement rules like stay at home  ...  This is my way to supports people how works. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2312-my-kindness-drawing
RANDOM ACTS OF KINDNESS DURING QUARANTINE$During quarantine, I help my parents by doing small chores around the house, usually, my mom is working for most of the day which means I have to do those tasks autonomously and, meticulously, some of the tasks are easier like doing the dishes, cleaning the house. But I also have to help my father  Pyle wood and rake the grass. Anyway, I hope you are also helping your parents during the quarantine. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2311-random-acts-of-kindness-during
Help other and be kindness$Hello it's again Améliane yesterday I made a little story if you want to see it the title is Make people happy. Today I will talk about how we can help our parents during the quarantine. Me I have a little sister and I keep her because my two parents work so I make school with her and my parents are happy. If you are the only child at your house you can make the housework. But he have some big family you can be the little child in your family and for help you can be kindness with your big sister(s) or brother(s). Goodbye people! Améliane $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2310-help-other-and-be-kindness
Call a family member$Every day, I call my grand-parents, my cousins, my uncle and my aunt on Messenger. I  take news from them. I play with them online.  I eat with them from my house. I hope the covid19 will end soon so i see them. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2309-call-a-family-member
The helping drawing$In a day of quarantine, i had an idea. I draw a cloud with a rainbow to supports the people how work  during this crisis. I applying myself to draw a beautiful drawing. To supports all people how works  it is nessecery to stay home.So stay home. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2307-the-helping-drawing
One smile $A few days ago my brother and I played a kind of pillow war we stayed in two different corners of the living room we took each several pillows and we sit to bring down the other but no one won but we laughed a lot and we got together $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2305-one-smile
Morning, breakfast anyone!$One morning i was eating breakfast and I was thinking of ways to surprise my parents and, it came to me i was going to make breakfast for them!They where so happy it made me happy! I suggest you try this it will make you and your parents day excellent. C: $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2303-morning-breakfast-anyone
The waste tree $today is earth day and each time this day arrives we have to do a big task to collect more waste. so there was me my brother and my sister we each have a task. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2302-the-waste-tree
strange island$This is the story  of a gentlemen who lived in a forest. One day he sees an island appear in the distance. So he decide to go strange  island. Rendering on the island he track the samll alien. He scream very loud . Alien give him a hug. So he  give him a hug. Finaly he becomes the best friends in the world. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2301-strange-island
My parents$My parents help my to learn new things, new words in french, new verbs, they are with me in my studying.  They supporte me when i have difficulty. My parents are always there for me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2300-my-parents
Some bread for dinner !!!!! $I do bread with my lovely mutter. She helps me learn how to do sourdough starter. Its funny because the sourdough need a lot of love and need to be feed every day. It needs ten days until we can you used it. And even after ten days you need to feed it.Every day you need to put outside  some sourdough equal of the starter and feed it equal. What is the composite of the sourdough? It simple it is made of water and flour. Why put it so hard and work so hard? If you never taste a sourdough bread you don't know how good it is !!!!  Memories of bakery's of Belfast . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2299-some-bread-for-dinner
Homework! one day in quarantine, doing homework, I was reading a book, and I reago to school ! So I thought, why not pray for them? And I also thank God for everything I have!lized that there are people who are so poor who are my age who do not have the opportunity to learn, $ One day of quarantine, doing homework, I was reading a book, and I realized that there are people who are so poor of my age who don't have the opportunity to learn, go to school! So I thought, why don't pray for them? And I also thank God every day for everything that I have! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2298-homework-one-day-in-quarantine
Help grand parents in confinement $During confinement it is important that the elderly stay at home. So helping your grand parents is a very good  idea. Example : my grandparents made a grocery list and sent it to my mom so she can go buy what my grandparents need. I encourage you to do acts of kindness too during this difficult period! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2297-help-grand-parents-in-confinement
Family$Hi everyone! I'm Gabrielle and I will show you my blog about my family. So first I choose to tell one thing I love about people of my family, so my little sister I like her positive side. My father I like when he's funny and my big sister, Iove our complicity. So I choose another kind act and it's to call someone in my family. So I  will call all my family on the app Zoom because it will be my cousin birthday and I will send to him a power point like gift, I hope he will like that and I hope YOU like my blog thanks!!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2296-family
Pick up my room$I wake up the morning and I decide to pick up my room before my parents request to me. My parents are happy and they give me a big hug. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2295-pick-up-my-room
Call my cousin $Hello !! During the quarantine me and my sister decide to call my cousin every days for take news because we miss her.I think it’s important to call a loved one because in this hard periode we must help each other and everything’s gonna be alright.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2294-call-my-cousin
The day i donated$The 22 May 2020, I donated my many toys to children in need. Because I don't need them anymore. When I saw the look of this child I undestand that he needed it. Since that day I understand the importance of toys in children's lives. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2292-the-day-i-donated
I clean the house.$Me and my sister we clean the house because my parent do a lot of thing . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2291-i-clean-the-house
My activity week$Hello everybody, This week, I take a walk with my family and my dog.  We meet  some poeple and I say hello to them.  I write a letter to my friend, I went says hello to my grandma by her window.  I practice my gym everyday.  Last sunday, we do a "syrop party".   I call some friends on facetime.  We go outside every day  and I help my mother to do lunch and diner.  Finaly a do my class in math's, french and english. My week look like that. Have a good day Eve-Marie $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2290-my-activity-week
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Household Chores$Tomorrow I will help my parents with household chores within my reach. To support them. I will help to wash the dishes or clean the floors. Yesterday I washed the dishes and play $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2289-household-chores
Reading to make time go fast !$Hello,my name is Rania and i really like to read . In this period of quarantine i read a lot of books and reading books makes time go more faster so if you don't know what to do you can read ! #ca va bien aller  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2288-reading-to-make-time-go
An overloaded metro$One day when I took the metro, I had to give up my seat to a woman with a baby. He felt uncomfortable being surrounded by so many people and he started to cry because of that. Then I started to make funny faces and it gave him back the smile.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2287-an-overloaded-metro
You are bord. Help at home.$You are bord and have noting to do. You could kill time by helping at home like you could wash the dishes or clean your parents room. Do someting nice for your family that make you fell realy good trust me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2286-you-are-bord-help-at
I'LL HELP MY MOTHER BECAUSE I LOVE HER ❤  $My favorite story is ''I'LL HELP MY MOTHER BECAUSE I LOVE HER ❤",  its true that helping our mother is really nice of us. She always does everything in the house and helping her by doing the housework can just make her happy. So that's why this is my favorite story. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2284-ill-help-my-mother-because
learn something new$Today, was a normal day. But I was really bored. I was along in my house, my sister was in her gym class. And my parents were with her. My friends were playing video games, but I didn't want to play video games. I went to my bed to think what i could do. So I had the wonderful idea of going to the library. So I call my dad and i ask him, can I go to the library and he say sure son. So I went to the library very excited. I took a book called true or false and I read it. I learned a lot and I really had fun. When I got home my parents were surprised at what I learned. And from that day every day i go to the library to learn more. learning new things can really help you with your learning. I hope everyone who reads this story learns more.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2283-learn-something-new
Give to the next$My mother and I decided to help the family that went through the fire in St-Félix. We went around our closets and wardrobes and everything we had in duplicate we put them in boxes and we went to take them to their new house in Ste-Mélanie. We donated towels, plates, sweaters, winter mats, boots, utensils, frames. I don't know if one day we will have news but when we went to carry these boxes, I really felt that we were doing a good deed and I was happy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2282-give-to-the-next
I Help my parents to plow$Every snowy day I clear the snow with my brother and my father in front of my house. to help my parents to get their car into the parking lot. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2276-i-help-my-parents-to
i like playing roblox with internet friends$its makes me happy because when im feeling down they cheer me up  they also give me ideas and other fun stuff  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2275-i-like-playing-roblox-with
The doggie and Max.$Max was taking a little walk when she heard a noise. You see, Vera was a smily and curious girl and no matter what ,she would always go see strange things or help others. And so, she went by the sound of a dog that was crying for food. By the sound, she ran till she saw the dog. The dog looked like he didn't ate for one month now. Sadly she ignored him and went to the shop.. But two minutes later, the homeless dog cried again and the girl went out of the store and gave him the sandwich she bought at the shop. you see now? Kind acts aren't that difficult to make! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2274-the-doggie-and-max
Kindness story $I give my money to a homeless 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😺😺😺😺😺😺😺😊😊😊😊😊😊😊 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2271-kindness-story
Kitkat my  guinea pig$Kitkat is a guinea pig very happy. She is happy because she loves her family. kitkat is one years old and she is a female.At the very beginning she lived in a large cage with two other guinea pigs called Poilue and Godzilla. Two weeks later the professor no longer wanted one of the kitkat guinea  pigs because she could not give one of the two sisters because Poilue and godzilla were sisters. One day later, my mother say yes to take kitkat at home I was very happy! I take care of kitkat very well!!!!!! Goodbye $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2270-kitkat-my-guinea-pig
Giving money to homeless$one day i was going to the super market to buy something and then was when i saw a poor guy sitting on a bench. i had some money so i decided to give him some $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2269-giving-money-to-homeless
I gave money to a homeless man$One day, my mom and I went to a show and at the end of it, we were walking to our car when a homeless man walked to us and asked if we have something to give him. I gave him five dollars and he looked at me like if I was saving his life. I will never forget his big smile ever. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2268-i-gave-money-to-a
Helped my dad!$Yesterday, my dad was doing work.My brother, my mom and me were eating lunch. My dad did not have lunch yet because he was working. When i finished my lunch, i decided to do his lunch. I gave him juice, fruit salad for dessert and for his lunch rice with mushrooms. He was really happy!! You can do some act of Kindness two!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2267-helped-my-dad
Help$Help is important in the life. We need help so many time!My grandma need help for climb the stairs. In this moment, the coronavirus invaded the planet and everyone needs help. Any hospital needs help because they have so many  people is infected to the coronavirus. The  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2266-help
My easter gift$For easter i had some curency on a video game and with some of that curency i bought something for my friend as a surprise and it made him very happy and is hapiness made me happy $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2265-my-easter-gift
my rainbow in a window$Hi everyone, today I make an act of kindness .I put a rainbow in my window, even if it's in French, the most important is that people who see it will feel better. Every body know that for some people it's difficult for them in this situation .But when you say hello to a people are you make an act of kindness maybe the person will feel better. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2264-my-rainbow-in-a-window
My family$My family is awesome! My mom is funny because she always tell jokes. My dad is encouraging because he helps me with my homework. My sister is generous because she let me watch horror movies when i was younger and that's why i love horror movies so much. My other sister is nice because she occasionaly invites us to her place so we can see her pets. My brother is also generous because he helps me with computers. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2263-my-family
Help reject person $In fifth grade, I have welcomed a rejected girl in my friend’s group.  It’s down to me she made new friends. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2262-help-reject-person
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Kind quotes $During confinement, many people are alone or with their family. My family and I have decided to send a small gift to our family. To brighten up their day, we give a little bag of coffee for adults and a little bag of juice for kids with a nice note. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2260-kind-quotes
Help$Help is important in the life. We need help so many time!My grandma need help for climb the stairs. In this moment, the coronavirus invaded the planet and everyone needs help. Any hospital needs help because they have so many  people is infected to the coronavirus. the whole world needs help because we are all in containment and we want the good of everyone. we thank all the people who work because their work is essential. thank you! call your grandparents everyone needs support we are in the same situation thank you for respecting the rules. two meters away cough in your elbow sneeze in your elbow stay at home and throw your handkerchiefs please respect the regulations that the government has established. You save lives in us respecting.Thank you! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2259-help
Sleep more$It's good for you it will put you in a good mood you can do more RAK and who doesn't like to have a long sleep for once in an awhile $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2258-sleep-more
My friend$I love  my friend  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2257-my-friend
Cooking with my dad$I love to make lunch and dinner with my dad because we spend more time together and we both like to cook. I like to bake cakes or cookies with him. We cant pass much time together because he works hard so he can support us. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2256-cooking-with-my-dad
I clean the kitchen for my parents :)$My name is Milan and i am 12 years old. During the "vacations" i am making my parents happy by washing the dishes and cleaning the kitchen. :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2254-i-clean-the-kitchen-for
Helping for the birthday of my dad😊$April 4th was my dad’s birthday so to help my mother, I made the birthday cake and a BIG card with my brothers. My father was happy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2253-helping-for-the-birthday-of
Little brother$Like every one, in this dificult time that we will pass, I have online exercises to do every day.  So when I was working my little brother was working as well and he didn't knew how to do comma multiplication I explained how to do it. He needed a few tries before understand how to do it correctly.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2252-little-brother
My grandparents$I call my grandparents because it's their pleasure to hear from me.I ask them how  are you.They answer me and so on.I love my grandparents.My grandmother when we go to her house, she always cooks delicious meals. My grandfather loves to tickle us and make us laugh.Call your grandparents often because it is important to hear from you especially during the coronavirus pandemic.By Felix guilbert $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2251-my-grandparents
Gifts for the people I love$I write a list with 10 reason i love this person.I made a list for my sister, my dad and my stepmother.Then I put each list in a place where just the person could find it.For my best friends I made photo montages.I also made cards to remind them of how much I love him and I thank them for what they do for me.Finally I create a bookmark for my sister.On the bookmark I wrote a words like she made me for Valentine. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2250-gifts-for-the-people-i
The Monkey and the Bird .$Once lived a really kind monkey who would always help other animals . One day a baby bird was flying when it hits a tree and fell in the water . When the monkey saw the bird he quickly jumped in the water to save him ! Once in the water the monkey was able to get the injured bird out . Suddenly he saw a huge shark coming his way as fast as possible . The water was so strong that the poor little monkey couldn't get out . As soon as the bird noticed , she didn't care about her injuries or pain she grabbed meat that campers had left on the ground and then threw the meat towards the shark so he can eat that instead of the monkey . The monkey used a rock to get back up and thanked the bird for saving his life . The bird replied oh I should be the one thanking you instead . The monkey wasn't  injured . He brought the bird with him and fed her bananas . The bird asked what tasty fruit it was and the monkey replied by saying its called bananas . He let the bird to stay with him until she was fully recovered , two weeks later the bird was ready to go home and they both became a very good friend.                     $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2248-the-monkey-and-the-bird
Covid-19$It was a friday the 13th the covid-19 started. Covid-19 is a virus wich is very dangerous to start in china. Covid-19 causes many deaths. So strong that everyone has to stay at home. My good deed know that l’m staying at home not to catch Corona-19 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2246-covid-19
My kindness monday$This monday i do  a few kind message for my family And i go outside for take waste and i put waste the garbage and after i go walk and i say hello to four guys and the night i do some chore by my-self. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2245-my-kindness-monday
Planet Earth$We all know that our planet is slowly dying from pollution. So if each one of us, the 7.5 billion people on earth would take the time to collect one piece of trash in the street every day, we would live in a better world.  Tiffany Adam $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2244-planet-earth
Act of kindness from a housekeeper$Me and my husband are on a fixed income. The lady that is the head of housekeeping looks out for us. We couldn't find any mask so she made us mask. I'm so greatful for her friendship and kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2243-act-of-kindness-from-a
smile in the street$when you see people on the street, just smiles do them a lot of good and can better start or end their day in happiness thanks to a simple smile given to a stranger $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2242-smile-in-the-street
A kind note for a cool delivery driver$Hi! Each Friday, my family and me order food from a restaurant. This week, I'll put a little kind note on my door for the delivery driver. Something like:«You're cool and keep the smile. Everybody is grateful about what you do and I decide to let you know<3. Have a good evening! (Keep this note and put it or hide it for another person you're grateful about).» Hope I inspire you!^-^ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2241-a-kind-note-for-a
kindness is given by the person who is kind$When my dad is prepering supper i ask if hi nid help mayking it if hi say yes i help mak him.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2239-kindness-is-given-by-the
Save our planet!$It's very important to save the planet, like pick up trash that are in the street or stop using too much plastic. We can do this so why do we not! Sometime I take up a bag with me and then my family and I go trough the forest to pick up the waste .  Please take care of our magnific planet! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2238-save-our-planet
I 💜 my great grandmother$When I moved to my new house and to my new city, my great grandmother was really sad. I decided to call her every night and she was very happy! (I still call her) She told me that when I call her, it makes her night better. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2237-i-my-great-grandmother
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Breakfast$This morning, i prepare the breakfast for my family. For my dad : two bread, a pudding, a bacon and a glass of milk. My mom : one bread, one apple, a egg and a juice. For my brother : two toast, a banana and a ham.  My : a grapefruit, tow egg and a yogurt. My parents is very happy but my brother is angry. My brother : i want a egg!!! I cook a egg and give it to my brother. And evrey body is happy! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2236-breakfast
learn something new$he should always learn somthing new because so not learn of thing  each days the live  would be flat that means he should always learn somting new all the day $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2235-learn-something-new
my act of kindness$hi iam posting this because we are in quartine  i want to talk abaut m'i acts of kindess about my nieces i am taking care of them spend time with them but now i dont even hears sting abot them. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2234-my-act-of-kindness
Helping people in need$Since I'm 6 years old I have saved money for giving to the children's hospital. In all the money I have saved brings be up to 516  dollars. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2232-helping-people-in-need
Coronavirus positive$The covid19  period is the right time to bring our family closer together and to develop our imagination with all our free time. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2231-coronavirus-positive
Grand-parents call$I love to call my grand-parents because I love to make them feel happy.I think It's important to make your family members happy.I l love my grand-parents because they are very funny and they are very kind. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2230-grand-parents-call
Happiness plush$Because the pandemic, we can not give hugs to our grandparents. That's why, with my family, we decided to give to my grandmother the plush with our faces. We taked pictures of us and we stare on the plush. My grandmother was very happy and now she can see us everyday!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2229-happiness-plush
Visiting My Elderly Neighbour$Ever since I was little, i have visited my neighbour who lives alone. I often give her presents that I make. I talk to her about my school and my family. i like to go see her because she is very sweet. I love her from the moon and back. <3  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2228-visiting-my-elderly-neighbour
the kindness $what is to be nice?A lot of people are selfish and they did'nt take care  about the other people.the proof is then a lot of kids has cancer and only they're parent care about this. it look like other people dont care about that.if i write all of this, it for tell everyonne then we need to take care of each other. AUDREY $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2227-the-kindness
my grandpa$I called my grandpa to hear from him. He is alone in his residence. So not to let him get bored I decided to talk to him. My grandfather was fine, but still bored. Because he cannot see anyone and cannot go to dinner with his friends from the residence. I miss him a lot. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2226-my-grandpa
My brother$My big brother is a boy very kind. During in quarantine he is a lot on computer. Despite this small lack of presence, he is when same thoughful and take care of little sister (me). I very love it, particularly when he plays whit me. Hahaha! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2225-my-brother
Being a good granddaughter$                                                                                              My act of kindness Last evening my grandmother offered me some garlic bread even though I've always been a garlic bread lover the way she prepares it,it's always mushy due to too much butter.So even though I didn't have much of an appetite but I ate some because she's my grandmother ,and how this is the first time in almost 2 since week I haven't seen her and that she probably feeling really alone in her house by herself so I  sucked it up and put her before myself. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2224-being-a-good-granddaughter
The carentaine$I playing call of duty and fortnite , i watch the tv i pratic my anglish and  i watch the anime because i love it thanks it the end $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2221-the-carentaine
helping a shelter$two years ago, my parent have meet a shelter at their job. It was a man about like 35 years old and his name was Antoine. Antoine has a son but his son was a adult, so he was alone in front of the Montreal station. One day my step mother go see Antoine and give to Antoine a egg McMuffin. he was so happy and my step-mother and Antoine start to talk like every days. Two weeks have pass and Christmas coming very soon so me and my family have an idea. Our idea was to do a big Christmas basket for Antoine with food, winter gloves, a little bit of money and some motivating letters. He was so happy the Christmas 2018 was magic for he. still today we talk to Antoine, he is a good person and we love him  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2220-helping-a-shelter
Do not break the contact !!$The other day my mother called my aunts and my grandmother ect and she talked about everything and nothing just like me and it was fun because I can't see them because of the corona virus and also they lives in senegal my country of origin.Sa my to prove that it is not because one cannot see oneself that one must cut the bond what some person does and it is not necessary. -Me... $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2219-do-not-break-the-contact
Writing a comment to an author.$Read a book and if you enjoyed it, write a nice comment to the author telling them what you liked the most about the book. If you're lucky, they will reply to your comment. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2218-writing-a-comment-to-an
story housework$In 1924, my sister Marilou has make housework . She had did not make housework before the  1 st may 1924. This is an act brave on his part. Marilou  has marked the story housework. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2217-story-housework
I'll help my mother because I love her ❤$With my brother we will try our best to clean the house! Because my mom do a big part of chores and I want to help her, I don't want to lose her because I don't help her. I promise I will do my best. ❤ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2214-ill-help-my-mother-because
Forced vacation$We all know that forced vacation is boring. But see the bright side of it. You have more time to spend with your family and have fun with them. You can know your siblings better and learn things about them.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2213-forced-vacation
Giving food to a groundhog$ Once upon a time , I saw a groundhog in my backyard. It was searching for food. Then I searched on google , what groundhogs eats. After I went outside in my backyard and gave him /her some fruits to eat $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2212-giving-food-to-a-groundhog
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Helping the ones you love$Hello I'm Gabriel, I am 11 years old and I helped my parents when they were working outside.  I raked leaves with them in the front and backyard and that made them cheerful.  I learned that sometimes, it's kind to bring your help to people you love without expecting anything in return. That was my little story. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2211-helping-the-ones-you-love
Being helpful around the house $Help my mom around the house more example: washing the clothes, fold the clothes, tho the beds etc. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2210-being-helpful-around-the-house
Make people happy$Hello,  My name is Améliane and I am 11 years old almost 12 in one month. I will write a little texte about kindness with other people. In this moment we are in quarantine so we can't see other people. So you can call your grandparents or your  great grandparents and they will be happy because they can't go outside.  You can call your friends with zoom so you can talk with them and in the same time you can learn with them. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2208-make-people-happy
one cup of coffee.$Once, me, my mom and my brother were taking a walk downtown. We went into the apple store just to look around.And when we got out , there was a  homeless woman begging for money or food for her daughter. We felt so bad for her, so we gave her 50$ and the chicken we just bought. She kept on thanking us and saying God bless you. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2207-one-cup-of-coffee
A day in Quarantine$We've all heard of the virus and that we have to stay at home and some extroverts can't take this anymore. Of course, the quarantine is a great time for: memes , talking with your friends on FaceTime, iMessage or even on Discord! I believe that one day, everything will be back to normal $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2206-a-day-in-quarantine
Stay together in distance$Every 2 days I call my grand-parents by facetime. I have the feeling to be in there home physically with them. Once I built a projector with my grand-father in distance. It was are common project. I was impressed to see the succed of our project.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2204-stay-together-in-distance
Hug your family$They are going to feel beter $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2203-hug-your-family
Learn new stuff in quarantine.$You can lean new stuff in quarantine (Lockdown) like cooking, singing, ect. You can even do workout or anything else. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2202-learn-new-stuff-in-quarantine
Juliana$I havé 12 yeah olas, i love heat lasagna and my favorite sport si ici skeating $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2201-juliana
RAINBOW$Hi, today I had to choose an act of kindness and I choose to place a rainbow with <> in my window, but it's in French :( , but the more important is that people understand, I think.  I hope it make other people feel better. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2199-rainbow
Vacations$My parents always briing me where i want THEY ARE THE BEST $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2198-vacations
My mom$All my life I have been doing wrong things to my mom but I love her. She gives me my happiness and a smile. I know that when she's mad at, she's mad at me because she likes me and she wants me to be the best. I love you mom   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2191-my-mom
My act of kindness$i was assigned to do a bingo card of random acts of kindness. i was thrilled, these activities always excite me! Here is one of the acts i would like to share: CALL A FAMILY MEMBER+ WRITE DOWN SOMEONE'S BEST QUALITIES AND SHARE. So during the rough times I could only communicate by electronics, i called my grandparents ,( i call them everyday) it makes their day because they can not see their grandchildren and named about TEN of their best qualities. It made them so happy! I love seeing them like this. I love random acts of kindness, they are under rated. We should unite!! LET'S STAY STRONG :)! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2189-my-act-of-kindness
Bus driver and Passengers Save an Old Man$  At 9:00 a.m. yesterday, bus No.26going along Zhonhua Road when the driver saw an old man lying on the side of the road. A woman was next to him, shouting for help.   The bus driver, 24-years-old wang ping, stopped the bus without thinking twice. He got off and asked the woman what happened. She said that the man had a heart probleme and should go to the hospital. Mr. Wang know he had to act quickly. He told the passengers that he must take the man to the hospital. He expected most or all of the passengers to get off and wait for the next bus. But to his surprise, they all agreed to go with him. Some passengers helped Mr. Wang to move the man om the bus.   Thanks to Mr. Wang and the passengers, the doctors saved the man in time. "It's sad that many people don't want to help others because they don't want any trouble, " says one passengers. "But the driver didn't think about himself. He only thought about saving a life. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2188-bus-driver-and-passengers-save
My sister hurt herself and I help her.$Yesterday,my sister was doing gymnastics.She feel by doing a back walkeover.She was crying.I ran for giving her ice $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2184-my-sister-hurt-herself-and
Food donation$In the month of december somebody rang our doorbell asking for food donation for people who can not afford food for Christmas eve so we decided to donate a couple of food items. So i had a chance to donate some goodies for some people that were in need. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2183-food-donation
 the danger of corona virus$it is verry important to wash your hands to stay home  to respect social distance when going out not to invite friends home. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2181-the-danger-of-corona-virus
call my dad$I called my dad because he is alone and I want to take news.I told him about my day and I make smile. when I am  at his house I made food. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2180-call-my-dad
A not real story after all$One day when I was walking on the streets,I saw a man feeding a poor yuong lady some dirty bread I had no idea about what happened to her .But I didn't let the man give her the bread because it wasn't healthy . I went to the girl and threw the bred away. She started crying . I tried to calm her down by giving her a lollypop. She can't understand long sentenses so I was like "Look!Candy!Candy!Sweet." The young lady understood what I said she took the lollypop and sarted to laugh . Then, I found an adress around her neck . I was thinking that it's her home . I went there , knocked he door . a woman opened the door . I asked " Do you know her?" She said "no" but, I heard someone saying "wait, who was there?" but the the woman closed the door so quickly. I knocked once again . the woman opened and she was so angry . "I told you I don't know this lady,she said, why are you so annoying ?" the lady started crying. The woman tried to close the door. But this time, I stopped her . A few seconds later , a guy came " Hey! I know this lady,he said,she's my older sister . She saved me from a car accident .but when she got out of the hospital, she becae like that." the sister stopped crying and hugged her younger brother . then,he  wanted to give me some money.But I refused "I don't want your money sir,I said, I only need to see peaple happy " and I walked away . The lady followed me and gave me that lollypop and said "thank you!Take candy!" Then came back to the appartement. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2179-a-not-real-story-after
Vétérinary$Later I would like to be a veterinarian because I love animals and saving their lives would be wonderful to me at the moment I am 12 years old so this dream will not come true right away I have never really changed my mind about being a veterinarian because I want to do a job with animals that will pay and make me proud of myself and I consider it an act of kindness because I could save lives yes lives of animals but its just as important because if you think about it animals occupied a place on this earth long before we arrived to destroy their natural habitats so for me it would have been just as important to save their lives as doctors save our lives and I hope that this dream will come true. -Emy  Later I would like to be a veterinarian because I love animals and saving their lives would be wonderful to me at the moment I am 12 years old so this dream will not come true right away I have never really changed my mind about being a veterinarian because I want to do a job with animals that will pay and make me proud of myself and I consider it an act of kindness because I could save lives yes lives of animals but its just as important because if you think about it animals occupied a place on this earth long before we arrived to destroy their natural habitats so for me it would have been just as important to save their lives as doctors save our lives and I hope that this dream will come true. -Emy  -12 years old $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2178-veterinary
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
my mom$my mom is very funny and cool  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2175-my-mom
little lilo$One day little Lilo was walking down the street and saw mister Mike.Mister mike had dropped all of his grocerires and needed help,so little Lilo came to help him pick up his grocerires and carried his bags to his house. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2174-little-lilo
Food $M'y good favorite is pizza.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2173-food
Pars, cours! Adèle$The fist one  reason I like this book is he as a lot of surprise and explosif moment The others reason is he has a lot of action and i love when he have action The third reason I like this book is I love the principal character because she has a lot of courage, hardworker and  I think this personne looks like me The last reason I like this book is in the book he as a two best friends and I really like it when in a book It's about frienship. No I've never experienced a situation like in my book Helped my family when they do the dinner Helped my family when they do the housework $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2172-pars-cours-adele
open the door$once i wen to the mall and i opened the door for 12 people and my family  one other kind thing i did is i woke up early in the morning and shovelled the door way. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2171-open-the-door
my beautiful family$I like my family because there are all the time with and there  love me the most $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2170-my-beautiful-family
Random acts of kidness$When taking a walk say hello to a person who us also taking a walk and wish them a good day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2168-random-acts-of-kidness
The Five Puppies Give Up$It was on a very cold rainy day. Under a cardboard box where this found five little abandoned puppies. They hadn't eaten in a week. Because their mother is hit by a big delivery truck. Suddenly the young puppies heard a woman approaching. So they decided to go out and ask for food. The young woman was sad because she had no food on her so she decided to cough the adopted so that he could be put back on his feet. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2167-the-five-puppies-give-up
Didier the monkey$One upon a time, Didier the monkey wanted to help his friends. But Didier  didn't know how to help lss help. One hour later, the monkey found  Paul the crocrodile. Paul is his best friend. the crocrodile was moving and seemed to have trouble transporting all the moving boxes. Didier the monkey had an idea: help paul to moving. Paul accept his help. Didier his really happy because he helped a friends  THE END $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2165-didier-the-monkey
My Mother$I Said to my mother (I Love You) and i tidy her chamber. She was very happy  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2164-my-mother
grandma$hi i'm chloé and some time ago my grandma came back from mexico. She is therefore in her forties, but my grandmother is very athletic. So she had trouble staying at home. She couldn't go to the grocery store or the pharmacy. My mother and I are therefore going to do this race in her place. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2163-grandma
Discover a new thing $When I discovered piano, I immediately was very excited and I wanted to play piano everyday.  Because I discovered piano, I learned some songs. Everyweek, I learn a new song. My favorite song I have learned is Whatever it take by Imagine dragon. Finally, I like playing piano. Philippe $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2162-discover-a-new-thing
My parents$I love my parents because they  are always behind me for helping me to cross all the obstacles and without ever to stop love me. To be honest I owe everything to my parents because they gave me life. I love my parents. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2157-my-parents
Wonder$There is a boy that  have a facial deformation. He never go to school but he isn't  delayed because he does school at home with his mother. He has a big sister but their parent look more on there boy, so the girl is left out but she understands. In sixth grade, the boy went to school. There, no one wanted to be friend with him because of his face. After, there is a boy that the director asked himto be fair because It's the first time he go to school so he did what he said. in the beginning he did because he was supposed but after he loved him as a friend. When it was Halloween, Jack, his friend, betrayed him. August was alone again but he made a friend quickly, Summer. When Jack was with his old friends he feel that Something miss and it was his friend August. In a game he tell him sorry. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2156-wonder
Give a gift $I’m Marguerite and I give a present to my grandparents ! A homemade bracelet with Colors of the rainbow. 🌈 My grandparents were very happy to received a gift from the postman!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2154-give-a-gift
Covid-19$My act of kindness is simple, stay home during the quarantine and follow the rules that the government give.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2153-covid-19
The kindness cookie$Once upon a time, there was a young girl called Jennifer. She was a very kind and caring little girl. But one day, she decided to take it to another level. She backed a bunch of cookies for the old people in the residence and made them each there own different card. And, she even sang them a song. After that, she was know for being kind in that residence, so she visited every day.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2151-the-kindness-cookie
Quotes$Well my story doesn't revolve around my family, nor me. It might not be the sort of kindness people expect me to write about, but if I think that it's kind, then I have the right to write about it. So, my kindness story revolves around quotes. Maybe you don't know what they are, I'll explain them quickly. Quotes are inspirational phrases that are usually said by famous people. To me, they inspire and motivate me every single day. They somehow show me kindness that I have never seen nor heard of before.  For example, the other day I was at my desk studying. I was lacking motivation to study, so I thought why not search for quotes. So that's what I did, I googled ''Inspirational quotes for students'' and I hit the search button. I looked into images and came across this one quote that just caught my attention. It was the image of a cloudy sky in the background, and in big bold letters were written the words, ''THE GREATEST PLEASURE IN LIFE IS DOING WHAT PEOPLE SAY YOU CANNOT DO''. Suddenly it just clicked to my head. I knew at that exact moment, that was the one I have always needed! I stared at the photo feeling really passionate and excited to continue studying. So I did. And now, that's the quote I live for. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2150-quotes
A big card.$Monday,  I made a handmade card for Mr Ross. He went to the hospital on sunday. He came back yesterday in better health. We rang to his door with my father to give him the card. He was happy . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2149-a-big-card
The exemple$I very much like to take example from my mother during these times of  containment she is very patient with us and she takes all kinds of predictions to avoid the virus  and I find it heroic. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2146-the-exemple
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Helping my sister to do maths homework $To day I have the same homework of my sister end I teach her the next lesson  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2145-helping-my-sister-to-do
generosity$this morning, my mom give me some chocolate and she tell me to share this to all the members of our  family . i say no because i don`t like share  and and she says if i don`t share i will be a bad person. finally share the chocolate to the members of our family $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2143-generosity
The poor old man.$While I was walking my dog, with my dad and my sister, we met a poor old man on the edge of the street, asking for money and food.   We quickly ran home and immediately started to make a meal for him.  An hour later we finished making the meal, which was a stew with rice, filtered water, an apple, two apple sauces and four muffins.  I ran out of the house to find him. I obviously looked in the last spot he had been, but he wasn't there. We checked all around the neighbourhood, but he was nowhere to be seen. We had almost lost all hope in finding him, but then there he was, walking in the distance! "Sir!', my father yelled. The man approached him and asked what was the matter. "For you, sir. ', whispered my father For me? Really? Thank you so much! Thank you!" said the poor old man. And that was that. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2142-the-poor-old-man
i give my pencil to my friend while i was doing a test $one time in class we where doing a test in class (it never count in my report card) and my friend who was sitting behind me didn't had a pencil and asked me if i could lend her mine but i had only one pencil then i thougt about it and i told myself that she wasn't doing really great bt i was doing really well in all the math test so i gave her my pencil and i couldn't do the test but i did a really generous act. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2138-i-give-my-pencil-to
learn something  new$I love learn,  especially with my parents. I learn maths, sciences, french... But I prefer play with my sister $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2137-learn-something-new
My mom$I cant see my mom because of the virus, so i facetime her every night. 🌈  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2134-my-mom
Facetime the persons you cant see because of the virus and tell them they’re strong$You can facetime the persons you cant see if you miss them and you can encourage them to be stronger than the virus. 🌈 its gonna be ok $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2133-facetime-the-persons-you-cant
Cook for my family$Because of the containment, my family and I are at home, like everyone. Given my parents are essential workers, they can't cook for all the family, so me and my brother are doing it for them. This way they don't have to worry about it. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2132-cook-for-my-family
The walk$Today i went walking in my neighboorhood  and i took a bag for pick up waste because on my neighboorhood a lot of waste are on the ground. The heavier my bag became, the lighter i felt. By the way of the mailbox i look if  there  a letter for my mother or a package for my sister. After that i return to my house. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2131-the-walk
my kindness $I respect my family with kindness like : i tell each of my family members one thing i love about them, we learn something new together, we call our grand-parents every weeks or pick up one piece of trash that is on the streat with gloves. At my old school my friend went trough a hard time so i tried to do everything to move on and talk to me. She was very sensative and really upset. You also need to be kind with strangers instead of treating them badly.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2130-my-kindness
The walk$Today i went walk on my area and i took a bag for pick up waste cause on my area a lot of waste été on the ground. The heavier my bag became, the lighter i felt. By the way of the mailbox i look if  there des a letter for my monter or a package for my sister. After that i return To my house. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2127-the-walk
Giving $In this time of quarantine we have a lot of thing to do. Me I decide to give some clothing to person they are in difficulty. And for me its a good things to do . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2125-giving
Saving my brother from death$One day, i was building an tunel on the side of the road with my brother. He told me that when a car passes, he would jump head first into it. But when a car passed, he jumped into the tunel so quickly that everything collapsed on him. He probably couldn't breathe anymore, because he wasn't even moving. Quickly, I started digging until he could get out. Then, went back home to explain everything to our parents. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2124-saving-my-brother-from-death
My Grandparents$My grandparents are stuck at home because of Coronavirus. So I made them meals and i delivered it at their home. I had a chat with them under the veranda (from a distance) they were happy.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2123-my-grandparents
helping  my brother ,   my mom ,my dad  and my teacher                                        my mom helping me$I help my brother to get  smarter. I help him doing  homework and  telling him  how to read letters and numbers .Sometimes when mom is cooking I  am dressing my brother and play lego with him. Once my mother was so tired that I decided to prepare a coffee and bring it to her bedside. I helping my mom  cleaning  the house. I help my dad mowing the grass with the mowing machine. and cleaning  the car.  I help my teacher cleaning the class room and  closing the windows of the class room. My mom helps me for  the home work ,cleaning my room and washing my cloths..   "We make a living by what we  get ,we make a life by what we give{". W.churchill $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2122-helping-my-brother-my
Helping People you love make's them happy:)$One, I helped my mom by cleaning the living room. She was very happy. I was happy that, I helped my mom. I encourage you to do the same.                              :):):)   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2120-helping-people-you-love-makes
Indoor grden $I helped my grandfather to transplant plants for his indoor garden $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2119-indoor-grden
siblings thingz$Yesterday, my sister was mad because she could'nt play her favorite game. Why? Because My mom cut her wifi ( I dont know why, one of their silly fights, , maybe). So I let her play her favorite game on my tablet. It was soo boring for me but at least, it made her happy! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2118-siblings-thingz
My Kindness in one day!$Hi, I'm going to talk about my kindness that I do in one day. First, I wake up at either 6 or 7 am to go to school (p.s.: I don't go to school on Sundays). I do my routine and I help my mother a lot to prepare the lunch at school. I prepare my one things for my mother to prepare for work. I also help my brother to pack his bag.  My mother leaves us at school, then she leaves. As I and my brother arrive early, we are on duty. When all students are out for 15 minutes, I say "hello" to everyone, even those I don't know. Then everyone come back for classes. From recess, I help the little kids ones because I was an animator (4th,5th and 6th grade) designated by the specialized technicians of the school. Sometimes, I resolved small conflicts, I comforted them, I brought them to the secreter office,...I loved them with all my heart. Even if it's annoying to explain things to them  and they weren't listening to me, I still love this responsibility. At dinner, I rest for at least one hour to relax. At 3:25 pm, I returned home with my father and my brother. As my father is exhausted after work, I took care of my brother while he take a nap. My mother come back comes back from work, I always help her with supper. Me and my brother were preparing the table for eating. During the time that was left, when someone asked me to do something, I did it. Finally, I sleep exhausted but with a heart full of happiness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2117-my-kindness-in-one-day
Save The Earth$When i was going to school, i saw a lot of trash on the street. So,saturday i decided to go collect the trash on the street, the sidewalk and the park. When i got home, my parents asked me why did i have a bag full of trash and i said  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2116-save-the-earth
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Make you smile$To help my parents, I do more things in the house.  I babysitte my young brother Édouard and my young sister Léa-Belle. We play monster game in basement and outside we play in the backyard. I do more things like wash the dishes, fold laundry and cook. For me it's important to help peoples around me because i like to make you smile. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2115-make-you-smile
My call$This week, I do a lot of things first I play hockey in my house. After, I watch tv and play with my brothers. Thdan,I play with my cat and feed him. Finaly, I call you to play with me on board game arena. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2114-my-call
LA VIE COMPLIQUÉ DE LÉA OLIVIER$This story is very divertissant and it took a long times reading it. It is a funny story to read. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2111-la-vie-complique-de-lea
Make my grandma happy$To make my great grand mother happy, there was only one thing that counted. The most important thing was to visit her. Since she has difficulty walking,  I helped her to open the doors and talked to her often to fill her with joy because, most of the time, she only sees the nurse and the doctor who take care of her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2109-make-my-grandma-happy
Write down someone’s best qualities and give them the list.$                                                                                                Rosalie atletic           generous gentl                strong funny              smart pretty             encouraging honest loyal energetic $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2108-write-down-someone-s-best-qualities
Say hello to people you don t know$A couple of days ago, I was taking a walk and I saw lots of people, so I decided to start saying 'hello' to them. I also wished them a nice day. It is funny to see when we say 'hello' to people, that makes them so happy and always brings a smile on their face. I feel very proud doing it and cannot wait to do it again today. Try it yourself, it is free!!! Gaby $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2107-say-hello-to-people-you
serena's help for cancer$when i was 9 years old , i decided that i would grow my hair and then cut them to give to children that have cancer so they can have a natural hair wigs .  with all that , some of my friends from cheerleading asked me why i cut my hair and i told them the reason why , and so on it encouraged some of them to do the same thing. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2106-serenas-help-for-cancer
kindness$ I complemented my family on there strengths and kindness towards each other.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2105-kindness
Cooking for my grandparents $All the weeks, my mother and me cook 1 to 5 times for my grandparents. They are so happy to see us arriving with all this food because they have less time to cook these days.Of course, we don’t stay there long because of the Covid-19. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2104-cooking-for-my-grandparents
a friend in need$When I was in an exam at school and we had to have all the materials but a friend of mine didn't have all the materials so I wrote really fast so I could give her my materials so she wouldn't have to restart the exam without the class. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2100-a-friend-in-need
my family$i love my family because their give my anythings  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2099-my-family
The letter$My grandma live lonely and cause we are in quarantaine  she can't go outside so i written a letter for tell him what i did on the quarantaine, like that she gonna have something to do. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2098-the-letter
The dyslexic children made the breakfast$Today I did a random act of kindness from the list and I chose "make a breakfast for my parent, lunch or dinner and name all the food I English for them" I decided to do them a breakfast. I did some eggs, sausages, toast and a big fruit salad. When I came to kitchen with their breakfast they were like " Wow did you cook that  yourself?!" After their breakfast, I named  all the foods that  I cooked for them. It was a little bit difficult, to be honest. When I was cooking,  I remember that all the little good action can make someone smile. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2097-the-dyslexic-children-made-the
Learn something new$You can learn something new. Quarentean you can lern how to draw or cooking or everithing you want the lockdown is the best moment to learn something new or even more you can be a profesor with your kid  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2093-learn-something-new
respect $Hi has you now my name is Morina , I am 12 and I like animals. In this time we couldn't help other pepoles  because of the virus, but. I was able to help someone  last year there was two solo at school,  at first  I believe that i was going to win ,but there was someone else when it was the day to perform the person wasn't here so I did the solo and the was saved. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2092-respect
The Two Brothers$Unce an upon there was two brothers that hate each other. The parents were really tired because each time they fight, One day, Abderazak,one of the boy was really sick his teeth was really catastrophic she was all black, So, they brought him at the dentist when they arrive the dentist said that he has to do an operation to take off the tooth,The operation finish and everithing was fine, $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2091-the-two-brothers
Delivery Drivers$Hi, Today I feel proud of myself. I just wrote a letter for the delivery driver to read. I hope he doesn't get sick and that he stays safe. Thank you for this awesome blog. Edmond $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2088-delivery-drivers
A karate storie$Last year my mom lost her job and  she was supporting us both  financially,since we where  in financial difficulty's we could only afford our essentials(our food ,my school, our house,etc) and at the time I had karate classes  that my dad payed  but when u where blue belt you could have a black suit that was 60+$ . So the day came and  I was ready to get my black suit,but I also  knew that we couldn't afford that luxury,So before class told my trainer and he said wait till your mom arrives(she picked me up from my classes)I have a surprise for you guys.After our karate class she arrived  and he told us that we would give us  the karate suit  for free my mom and I where so happy we cried the hole ride back home. This is to show that u can find kindness in everyone you just have to look for it.I encourage R.A.O.K's  I am extremely grateful to be a child with a good education and a good family. Ps: my mom found a new job recently and she loves it :)  Go visit: https://www.facebook.com/StudiosUnisLaval/  #stay home stay safe $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2087-a-karate-storie
the girl with cruches$one day, i was in school. when i was playing during the recess, i saw a girl with cruches. she was looking sad so i got closer to see kif she needed help. i talked to her and helped her to enter in the school, to go to the cafeteria etc. later that day, she said that i was very kind to help her. when i came home, i was happy because i told my self thatr i am helful and that i made her day better. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2086-the-girl-with-cruches
:)$:( :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2085-
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
my family $Because of the coronavirus you may know that we can't really see or family. For my part my father lives in montreal and most of my family in quebec so we normally can't see them often but now it's worse . So I try to call my grandpa who is stuck at home right now with his dog . Maybe you should do that too because maybe they are sad anyways have a good . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2084-my-family
emptiness$So you probably heard from the coronavirus from now, if you didn't you probably live Under a rock. Anyways, if you go for a walk each day or once in a Week , maybe you noticed that there isn't many people in the streets because they want to be careful and if you know someone like that, go talk to him, her and make them less afraid and try to make them understanf why they should take a walk. Anyways stay home, stay safe  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2083-emptiness
Corona-virus$At December the Corona-virus was start to make people very sick and somebody are dead. It is a big thing for everybody in the world, Now everybody are confined and we don't go to school. It lasted four month and it is not end. A lot person fight for have a toilet paper and somebody don't have house because they moving and their houses are not end. It is a big economic crisis in the world and this event will change the planet. I don't know how the Corona-virus was create. It is a mystery, maybe somebody complains the China for to create a virus and sell that to a business. It is just a theory.  Everybody have a theory and they are sometime false . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2082-corona-virus
When me and my friend fell down the staires🤣$So when me and my friend made a TikTok on the staires we were dancing and then me and my friend fell but we were  laughing  because it was funny the way that how we fell down. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2081-when-me-and-my-friend
My grandma needs my help $One day , I went to my grandmothers house . Her foot was hurting so I asked her if she needs help or wants me to do something for her . She answered me and said I can help her if it doesn’t bother me . So I did it , I made some tea and  I washed the dishes . It was actually fun to help my grandma . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2080-my-grandma-needs-my-help
HELP THE OTHERS$When you will see somebody in the street,help him, everybody needs help in this life $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2079-help-the-others
A trash story $Hey! My name is Frédérique Dominique,I am 12 years old and today I will tell you about my good will! When I was going to pick up the rubbish in the street (it was really a lot of waste) I had put on gloves and a mask. He had people walking in the street and looking at me with disgusted area ... I found it funny to see their reaction when I picked up the trash on the street. My also had people who bribed me with my good will. The next day, when I went to walk my dog, they had people who picked up the waste getering in the streets. I was really proud of myself and my good will! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2077-a-trash-story
One thing asked. Rest all done.$My mom asked me to help her to fold a sheet. I kept helping her until it was all most done $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2076-one-thing-asked-rest-all
One litte act of kindess could change the world$No i haven't done anything since we've been quarantined but before  Coronavirus started i have helped people pack up they're luggage when they are moving  and when one of my neighbors lost there dog i helped them find it even tho it took me 4 hours of chasing after the dog and te best thing is i did not exepect anything back fro the owner the only thing i expected was a thanks. You see when you do something good never expect a reward out of it,cause if you do  then it doesn't even counts as a random act of kidness. Example:you save a drowning kid and you expect money or a reward then you didn't do it to save the kid you did it for the money.The meaning of "RANDOM ACT OF KINDNESS" From wht i know it helping peope that are in need and not expecting anything in return or heping someone you ever met or never seen. so when you see someone in need treat them the way you woud like to be treated. STAY HOME  STAY SAFE $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2074-one-litte-act-of-kindess
The quiet girl$So theres one girl in my school, she's an introvert, sometimes really shy and sometimes i dont even know if its her or not. But i remember she would always let people borrow her stuff, even if they dont give it back she wont get them in trouble, she always smiles, and would give out small gifts to people almost everyday, usually the people who dont have lots of friends or sad people. She hold the door for alot of students. Then one day she was not really smiling anymore, but she stills show kindness and smile when her friends come, so i asked her whats wrong, she said " nothing, im just tired of acting" i was shocked " acting? what do you mean?", she responded " i am just acting all this time, but i do enjoy helping people", i was really confused " so whats your real self?" i asked, " my real self is like an murder, but dont worry i wont kill anyone who is nice, i just want to make an better day for people whos down, and its really fun to help people" then she said " ok im going home bye, im ready for tomorrows act" she smiled then walked away. From that day on she was still the nice girl, still helped people, still smiled and did not kill anyone. I was really impressed by her acting, she did not show any kind of anger nor disgust to anyone, i was just kinda sad that she cant be her real self it must be really uncomfterble to act all the time. She motivates me to be an kind person.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2073-the-quiet-girl
three  little pig$because i like the story for the moral,I Iike the pig help other big who dont have a good house ,I like the caracters and I like the end because we learn to do a good job and not a bad job Question-1no I never had a similar sutiation Question-2 help my father to cook the dinner or I help my brother to cook  Question-3 yes i do when im make the dishwasher and when I make the washing Question-4 yes im happy and I'm said thank you brother or mother or father  Justin  Courchesne $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2072-three-little-pig
Love of my life$My daughter is the kindest girl I know, she always try to be the best friend you could have, and even though she is only 6 years old, she has an incredible capacity for empathy with every people, always tries to making you feel better, no matter what the situation is, it can be from thanking you for the food (even if its the worse you have cook😁), to  share and teach something to a friend that need it. And also in this pandemic of COVID19, she thanks God for all that she has and never complains.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2071-love-of-my-life
Rainbows of Hope$Where I live in Quebec, people have started putting drawings or paintings of rainbows and putting the words "Ça va bien aller" (Things will go well") in their windows. Some cities painted rainbows on public places to remind people that despite everything bad going on right now, there is hope and people are there for each other.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2070-rainbows-of-hope
Grandpa$out of all the people that i have met i would say that my grandpa is the most inspiring and consistantly shows acts of kindness.  One act that comes to mind is our furnace went out in the early morning and before we knew it he was at our house and fixed the furnice before the repair man could even call us back. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2069-grandpa
Who's your one?$My one is my best friend Methuni. She has been there in my highs and lows. She is a lovable friend and clearly amazing. Methuni and I have known each other for over a year. though we only know each other for a short period of time we have made so many sweet memories. life has just been sweeter from the time she came in. I have no words to thank her for coming into my life and brushing off the dust when I fell and she is always standing on the rough side of the road. thank you Mwthuni for standing beside me always and I love you so much. I don't know how I'd survive school without you  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2068-whos-your-one
Mission Post-it!$Being kind is important to me. I love doing random acts of kindness. This week, I wrote 5 post-it messages that I placed randomly in my neighbourhood. I am certain that I will make someone's day happy! Lys $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2067-mission-post-it
All children deserve an excellent education$All children deserve a quality education. A few years ago, when I was driving to my  job from my place of residence (a company bus full of workers) , I saw Wayuu children walking to school in the distance. It was raining and the little ones were riding on the donkeys. I was devastated. I promised myself that from what I do, I am a language therapist with a focus on inclusion, differentiation and educational coaching that I had to do something. How can we expect equal employment opportunities if the education is not of good quality? From that day on I have been supporting an ethno-educational centre. I don't live in the sector anymore but thanks to the technologies, I still advise the teachers. I want to do more but the local government doesn't seem to care. I give my work and one step at a time. I have been blessed to see several of these students become professionals. But you can always do more.  Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2066-all-children-deserve-an-excellent
Constructive Criticism leads to Harmony$While some may thrive off of constructive criticism, I do not. Having someone tell you what you need to be working on is never easy to hear, even if you know it's coming from a place of love. So when my sweet boyfriend offered me some, I was initially hesitant and standoffish. I was quick to frustration and wanted to defend my attitudes and behavior.  As I listened to what he had to say, I realized there was some validity to his words. What he was saying wasn't wrong, and he was doing so in a  kind manner. Though I hated that I had behaved in such a way to warrant his comments, I appreciated his confrontation. It brought us closer together. I realized what changes I needed to make in my life in order to fix some of the struggles I was facing. Isn't it amazing how having such an open and honest conversation can bring a new sense of closeness? I feel as if he and I understand each other in a way we didn't before. If you're reading this, I encourage you to be open to the constructive criticism people bring to you. If we all just take the time to listen and process what others are saying before we speak, we can get to a positive place that brings harmony. I am so thankful for my boyfriend's kindness and gentleness. I hope that you too can experience such a thing like I did.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2065-constructive-criticism-leads-to-harmony
Sharing good news$Sometimes I see good news or positive things, and I think it's a good idea to share them! Giving hope and spreading smiles through other people's hopes and smiles. : ) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2064-sharing-good-news
Making people happy through art$Occasionally, I like to make drawings for other people of their characters, or pay for them to have art from someone else. It usually makes them very happy and makes me smile to see their reactions, though it's mostly only online. To all who read this;  I hope your day is wonderful! ♥ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2063-making-people-happy-through-art
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Kindness life$My story starts at school in Webster Wisconsin. School is hard for me so I started a Kindness Crew. We have  leaders to help around the school. One is Jessica ( me) , R yen , And Cassidy . We make posters. We have a goal and that goal is to spreed  kindness and you can help. One thing that you can do is just do the dishes without being asked. Anther   one is just help someone or play with someone. One more is making breakfast for some one.  You being kind will spreed like a wild fire( but in a good way.) I need help can  yo help me spreed kindness $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2062-kindness-life
Kindness life$My story starts at school in Webster Wisconsin. School is hard for me so I started a Kindness Crew. We have  leaders to help around the school. One is Jessica ( me) , R yen , And Cassidy . We make posters. We have a goal and that goal is to spreed  kindness and you can help. One thing that you can do is just do the dishes without being asked. Anther   one is just help someone or play with someone. One more is making breakfast for some one.  You being kind will spreed like a wild fire( but in a good way.) I need help can  yo help me spreed kindness $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2061-kindness-life
Going to places $When I go to places like shopping or doing anything else I like to help people open the door for them and they come to the door  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2058-going-to-places
life$sometimes life is long and sometimes it is not so long but you may hear people say"life is long but...... it end so slow and sometimes you want to die but you do not because you know people love you 😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎 so be happy 💙💜💖💖💖💖💖💖 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2057-life
10 things to make others happy$Hi! I am Liza from Ukraine!  March 20 is a Day of Happiness.  I was able to join our school "Bingo".  This game helped me to understand what happiness is.  So, I have done 10 deeds for my close ones.  Firstly, I've made a breakfast for my family.  Secondly, I've  made coffee every time my grandparents asked me to.  Thirdly, I gave my younger brother a postcard.  Fourthly, I called my aunt and congratulated her on the Day of Happiness.  Then, I wrote a very good review in my favorite cafe.  After this, I've organized a family cinema.  For this I've also cooked goodies for my relatives.   I've also thanked the teachers for caring about me.  Then I've called my classmates and thanked them.  And then l have fulfilled my parents' and brother's dream. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2056-10-things-to-make-others
We shall act now$I think happiness is the most pleasant feeling ever.  Not every person is happy, but everyone can be, you need only to have a wish.  The International day of happiness is a chance to share happiness with everyone.  As for me, our nearest and dearest are the first people we have to make happy every day. At school we played a game "Bingo of happiness" - there were some deeds which we could choose to do. I did a few tasks from the bingo and saw pleasant emotions and feedbacks from my family and friends. I understood that I have to make people happy every day, not only when I have time to do it, because our life and time are limited, so we need to make great things now. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2055-we-shall-act-now
Happiness through the phone calls$Hello! I am Renata from Ukraine! Our school has suggested us to join the "Bingo of Happiness". I had called my best friend and congratulated her on the Day of Happiness. She was really amazed, because she had never even heard of such a day, but I motivated her to join us. I'm sure she will spread happiness and kindness.  I had also called Valentina Mikhailivna, the old lady our team takes care of. She was very pleased, I had felt it and she thanked me for calling her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2054-happiness-through-the-phone-calls
Talking to my great granny)$On March 20th, I visited my great-grandmother, with whom I had not been in contact for a very long time. We talked very warmly and for a very long time. It's so important for her to communicate with other people! She was really happy and pleased. I've never thought a conversation could mean so much to a person. I was overjoyed that I managed to make at least one person happier. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2053-talking-to-my-great-granny
Making my granny happy!$Hi! I'm Gena! Our school suggested us to join the "Bingo of Happiness". I liked the idea and I cooked breakfast for my grandma, then I've helped my granny's wish to come true, told her I loved her and hugged her lots of times) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2052-making-my-granny-happy
A Bingo to inspire)$Hi! I am Aksinia and this is my story about the Day of Happiness! It was on the 20th of March. Our "Bingo of Happiness" has inspired me to write a heartfelt letter to my best friend, who still reads it every half an hour. I was able to renew friendship with a person who had been offended by me. I also had organized a cozy reading in my family. Then I shared my favorite music and movies on Instagram $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2051-a-bingo-to-inspire
Warming my family$Hi, I'm Kate! On March 20, the International Day of Happiness, I was able to please my closest people and to make my family happy.  I've made a very nice card for my mom and I gave it to her.  I've cooked dinner for my Dad, he thanked and said it was delicious.  I've also organized a family movie theater and prepared my favorite cocoa with cookies  in the evening. I enjoy pleasing other people and giving them warmth and smiles. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2050-warming-my-family
A cool Day of Happiness$Hi! I'm Sasha and this is my story about the "Bingo of Happiness" - an idea our school shared with us on the 20th of March . The Day of Happiness turned out to be really cool!  My morning started with cooking breakfast for my sister.  Then in the free time between lessons I called my grandmother, wondered how  was she doing and told her about our distant education system.  And then we started our family evening with my whole family watching a movie and tasting sweets, which I've made by myself.  Such days should be made more often! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2049-a-cool-day-of-happiness
Good deeds aren't difficult$Hello, I am Nikita from Ukraine! On Friday, March 20, we had a new and unusual experience. Each member of our team could choose for themselves several good deeds and do them during the day. It was a part of the "Bingo of Happiness" and we were offered many options. In the morning I prepared breakfast for my parents. They were very surprised. I have not done this for them before. When I called my grandmother to find out how she was doing and to offer help in purchasing food, she was very happy. When we cleaned our garden, my dad said that working together in the garden is much more fun. In the evening, I baked pumpkin pie, the recipe of which I learned at the school "Parostok" on Halloween. This day will be remembered by all of us for a long time. Good deeds are not difficult at all, but they are very pleasant. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2048-good-deeds-arent-difficult
Making my closest ones happy$I'm Sasha from Ukraine. I study in the 11th grade. For me, happiness is making people around me happy. I chose things which can make my close people happier.  Our closest people are family, we hug them every day. I decided to hug each person from my family 8 times. My family was a  little surprised because I hugged them so much, but they were happy. The family is also associated with coziness. To combine it, we've read poems and books together.  Friends are also an important part of my life. That is why I wrote a message to my closest friends. That made me happy. I've also made a list of my favorite movies and shared it on my Instagram. Happiness can save the world, share it, spread it, make it! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2047-making-my-closest-ones-happy
The happiest trip in my life$Hello! I'm Dima from Ukraine. Due to the day of Happiness our school shares the stories of happiness. Happiness which is either created or felt by us. So, here is my story.  Well, I like travelling. I like discovering new places, new traditions, new lifestyle etc. It just makes me happy as an intelligent man. In this story, I would like to tell you about the happiest trip in my life, which was made by my parents and myself. :D  Everything started when we stopped in Kyiv for a night. We slept in IBIS hotel near Railway station, we had breakfast there, and I thought: “This is the coziest hotel in the whole Kyiv!” Next stop was Zhyliany airport, which was renewed and cozy, too. I bought NV magazine there, because the main topic there was very interesting for me. I felt that it was interesting to read magazines of NV (Novoye Vremya) and my feeling was true.  In Vienna I discovered the power of culture and the city. We tried chocolates, visited museums, subway, trams, shops, restaurants. Everything was so comfortable but cold weather. The best thing in Vienna, I think, that everyone understands English! This city became one of my favourites, but…  Budapest, the next stop of our travel, became definitely my very favourite city. Everything was comfortable, like in Vienna: interesting places, nice language, good places to eat, the best tram in the world etc.   When we returned in Ukraine, I made definite conclusion: “This is the best trip in my life, and it will be definitely the happiest.” I'm very thankful to my parents for this unforgettable experience! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2046-the-happiest-trip-in-my
Small steps to make people happier$My name is Andrii, I am from Ukraine and now I am going to tell you my story. It happened on the 20th of March, on the International day of Happiness. There are a lot of people who celebrate this day by making someone happier. And I joined them. I didn't need to create my own ideas, because I already had some options suggested by our school in the "Bingo of happiness". So, the first my action was writing a cozy letter to all my classmates. I told them, they were a very important part of my life.  At the second step, I made a video with my grateful speech to my teacher of chemistry and sent it. And finally, after that, I called and wrote some members of my family, who are living abroad. I really hope, that my small steps that day made people around me a little bit happier. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2045-small-steps-to-make-people
Making my mom happy$Hi! I'm Sonia from Ukraine!  On March 20, our school organized Bingo of Happiness, and I participated because I wanted to make my loved ones happy.  At first, I made dinner for my mom, and it was a surprise for her because she was at work.  Then I planned how the family fika would be.  Fika is the time to drink coffee with sweets and to share a cozy talk. I bought a lot of sweets, chose an atmospheric movie and invited her to join our fika. And it was really cool because I made my mom happy! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2044-making-my-mom-happy
Bingo from Davyd $Hallo! My name is Davyd!  Last Friday, our school have a "day of happiness." It was necessary to do as many good things as possible.  I started my day with kind words to my beloved teachers. Because they really try for us and believe in us!  I also set up a family tea party with delicious buns. By the way, these buds my mother and I cooked ourselves. And that made them even more delicious.  I believe, that this holiday is a great opportunity to say “thank you” to my friends, family and teachers  and spend time with them.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2043-bingo-from-davyd
Day of happiness $Last Friday, our school have a "day of happiness." It was necessary to do as many good things as possible.  I started my day with kind words to my beloved teachers. Because they really try for us and believe in us!  I also set up a family tea party with delicious buns. By the way, these buds my mother and I cooked ourselves. And that made them even more delicious.  I believe, that this holiday is a great opportunity to say “thank you” to my friends, family and teachers  and spend time with them.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2042-day-of-happiness
Taking part in the Bingo of Happiness$My name is Svyatoslav, I am a pupil of the 6th grade. I live in Ukraine and my school suggested us to take part in the Bingo of Happiness. That's why I joined!  Firstly, I cooked breakfast for my Mom: I fried eggs, cooked some spaghetti and a toast. Mom was really delighted. Then I called my granny and asked how she was doing. She was very glad to talk. I also chose a cartoon for our family to watch it together. Finally, I made some lollipops the very next day. Everyone was happy! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2041-taking-part-in-the-bingo
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Making others happy$Hi! I am Nastya from Ukraine! Our school had organized a Bingo of Happiness on the 20th of March and I'd like to tell about it.  Our task was to do a big list of good deeds and to cross it out as in actual Bingo. I accepted the challenge, because I wanted to make my close people happy. At first I cleaned all our flat and it was a surprise for my parents because at that time they were at work. Then I wrote a letter for my classmates where I said them how important they are for me and how much I love them. Next step was to call my grandma. She lives near me but because of the  quarantine I can’t visit her. She was really happy to hear my voice. And in the and I made some cups of cacao for my parents and invited them to watch a movie together. It was really great to make my nearest people happy! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2040-making-others-happy
Helping Someone in Need of Food$In August 2019, I was in Baltimore, Maryland for the BronyCon convention. It was their last one and I always wanted to go there. I was heading to the convention when I decided to stop at a Subway to grab a bite to eat. When I get there, a guy that looked weak and hungry, so I decided to help him get some food. After I paid for it, we went our separate ways but I knew he was grateful. While heading to the convention center, I was so happy, I smiling the rest of the time was there. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2039-helping-someone-in-need-of
The best friend ever$My name is Katya. I'm from Ukraine. Our school is involved in the RAK activities and I decided to share my story here.  I want to tell you about a story, which happened to me recently. l have the best friend- Tania, we have been friends since 6th grade, and, we were even classmates previously. Аnd recently, when I had a bad mood, I got sick, Tanya unexpectedly came to me with some tea, chocolate and honey. It was the moment when  I became the happiest person on this planet. And I was so happy and lucky that I have friends who would always support me, help me and cheer me up.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2037-the-best-friend-ever
Our close friend $Hey, I'm Renata! I'm from Ukraine. Our school is involved in the RAK movement and that's why I'd like to share my story here.  Introducing wisdom In September, I first visited our friend Soloshenko Valentina Mikhailovna. This grandmother became my close friend.    I never thought that you could love not your grandmother. We go to her house once a week - on Wednesday. But we love her so much that we come to her after lessons in other days. We bring her food. We also felt that she really needed attention and human warmth. We call her every day, support her with a kind word. We are very grateful to her for her support and help.     This story about how good team work has helped me to get acquainted with such a friendly and interesting person - Valentina Mikhailovna Soloshenko. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2036-our-close-friend
One poem$Hi! I'm Nastya, I'm from Ukraine. Our school is involved in the RAK activities and that's what inspired me to share my story here.  One poem At school we have a volunteering unit. Each crew has their senior person to look after. We take care of them and visit them every Tuesday. My team and I take care of an amazing and gifted person. Her name is Maria. She is 83 years old and she writes  poems. When we come to visit her, we sit on the sofa and listen to her. She has a big collection of poems about war, family, about some philosophical issues and others. Every time after visiting her, I feel strong and I want to write much more poems. Once upon a time, I wrote a poem about unhappy love. I didn’t read it to anyone and safely forgot about it. After reading her own poems Maria asked us: “Can you recite your favorite poem or a poem which you’ve written?” After short silence I stood up and read my poem. When I was reading I didn’t feel nervous, I felt free. Maria praised me and we continued speaking about her life. But the next time she prepared a surprise for me. We sat down near her as usual and we were ready to listen. Maria stood up and read her new poem. I was really excited because that poem with words of advice was dedicated to me. No one had ever dedicated something to me before. I was very grateful and after that I’ve written 3 more verses. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2035-one-poem
My teacher$My name is Nastya, I'm from Poltava,  Ukraine. Our school is involved in the RAK activities and I decided to share my story here.  When I was 9, my level of English was not good. I was writing English words with Ukrainian letters, we were struggling at the primary school with my teacher. And now my English is my strong side. Especially, after studying abroad in Bulgaria in 8 form with my teacher of English. We trained in the swimming pool, learned words and grammar in the pavilion. All of our activities helped me to understand English and speak more. My teacher is the best teacher ever.  I remember how we were preparing for our performances. We were told we had to choose one of the Greek myths and present it during our party in Maria’s Botanical  Garden. My crew acted the best and we got an award. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2034-my-teacher
My granny$My name is Sofia, I study in the 5th grade. I'm from Poltava, Ukraine. Our school is involved in the RAK activities - so I decided to share my own story here.  I want to tell you about the person who makes me happy. This is my grandma, Valentina Bereznyak. My granny is very kind, sincere and sweet - and she loves me, my twin sister Alyona and my elder brother very much. She worries each time we are late at home because of some school work and she helps us to go to school in time. She wakes up very early to provide us some help. We help her as well, we take care of her and do our householding chores in time. We carry her bags from stores, we take out the garbage and wash the dishes. We love her very much.  Show your beloved ones your love, show them your appreciation - because they are the most important people in the world!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2033-my-granny
My most beloved one$Hi! I'm Alyona, I'm in the fifth grade. I live in Poltava, Ukraine. My school is involved in the RAK activities, so I decided to share my story here.  A good person who makes my life better. I'll tell you about my most beloved one. Her name is  Valentina Bereznyak, she is my grandmother.  Grandma is the only adult in our family. My dad got sick and died because of cancer. Mom passed away due to liver problems. So my grandmother became the guardian to me, my twin sister and my elder brother. She protects and raises all of us. Grandmother does her best to keep us healthy, strong and smart. She prepares meals for us, she wakes up at six in the morning to help us before school. She wants us to become good people, she is unbelievable caring and kind and we love her very much. She inspires me to be kind.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2032-my-most-beloved-one
The day my dog died$It was a very rain day with chance of lighting, me and my dog where on my bed watch TV and then lighting struck  on the old oak tree . My dog got so frightened he ran out the door when my dad was leaving to go get the milk. I was so sad I ran out the door to go looking for him. I have been looking for him for days but one day this hunter brought back my dead dog to me. I was still sad but thanks to this hunter I could give my dog a proper burial.    $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2031-the-day-my-dog-died
kindness to the heart$i’ve realized something and important. you should always watch/care about others feelings. kindness is everything. you could make someone feel so special and happy by just treating them with respect. how i assist others is that i’m always there to help them with their problems. i would never let them fight a hard battle alone. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2030-kindness-to-the-heart
kindness from the heart. $i’ve been realizing some different theories. me assisting others can really approve my kindness and loving level. how i do it is just listening to their problems and always having their backs. my heart is way to big to not help others. i was raised to always be kind and to always help other people.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2029-kindness-from-the-heart
I am not going to stand here and not say hello$I was traveling and in San Francisco  watching a band at a bar and the person beside me introduced him self and said he was not going to stand beside me all night and not say hello.  We talked and introduced ourselves and when he heard that I was from out of town he invited me to a dinner party at his house.  He and his friends were fantastic cooks, they seated me at the head of the table (as the guest of honor) and we had a fantastic night.  After dinner the host ( a singer song writer) pulled out his guitar and sang a couple of original songs. I hope to find an out of town visitor that I can bring back to my house to repay the favour.  I will never forget this random act of kindness that ended up being the highlights of my visit to San Francisco. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2028-i-am-not-going-to
Treat Others the way you want to be treated.$If you want to be treated with kindness, treat others the same way. Send out post notes with kindness notes on it, or even love letters. It doesn't have to be someone you know. Give it out to a stranger. Be kind. Be unique. Be yourself. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2027-treat-others-the-way-you
Valentine's to make people happy$Hi! I'm Liza and I study in the 7th grade. I live in Poltava, Ukraine. Our school told us about "RAK" and we had a big kindness decade. And now I'd like to share my story here. More than a week  ago we had Valentine's Day at school. And, as always, we gave each other Valentine's. I was very pleased  to receive 14 valentines! But it was even nicer to make and send mine. I sent 21 valentines to my schoolmates and teachers! And I am very pleased with this because I love to bring joy to people. I think l did a good job because I brought joy to other people and they were happy! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2026-valentines-to-make-people-happy
Sharing with people in need$My name is Andrew, I'm in the 7th grade. I live in Poltava, Ukraine. We are very involved in "Rando acts of kindness" at school and I want to share my story here.  It was some weeks ago.  I walked home and saw a poster telling abot the ill girl who needed some help. There it was said we could put money in the box for this girl. I put money in to help this baby to recover. Then in a few days , I was walking down the street. I saw the poor man, who asked for money, and I saw he had just one leg. I gave him some money. He thanked me and blessed me. It felt so nice! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2025-sharing-with-people-in-need
C is for "cat" and K is for "kindness"$Hi! My name is Vlada, I'm from Poltava, Ukraine. I am n the 7th grade. My kind deed started on February 16th when in the morning my cat brought a kitten to our house. The kitten wasn't hers and it did not want to be with her and ran to the trash. I followed him and saw his mother licking him in the box. I returned home and told my mother. We went to the bin with cat food.  It turned out that the kitten's mom had a twisted foot and the same day we drove her to the vet, where she stayed for 2 days . And we took the kitten home.  When we took the cat recovered and we drove her home, my cat did not want to compete for our love and care and chased her away. They ran away together - the cat and her kitten. We couldn't find them at first. I asked the neighbors if they knew anything about a cat and a kitten. They told me they saw these cats and were not going to help them because they thought they were homeless and would find food for themselves. But my mom and I were really worried so we left them some food. Now they live outside and we feed them each day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2024-c-is-for-cat-and
My choice$My name is Trofim, I’m a 6th grade student from Poltava, Ukraine - and my  story of kindness began long time ago. I was 10 years old, it was autumn and I walked home from school. I went to the shop, because I wanted to buy some treats for myself – I had some money. But then I noticed an old woman, she stood near the store and begged others for some money. I had a choice: to buy something for me or to help her. And I didn’t even realize it at first, but I suddenly gave her my money. Walking home I was thinking “Why did I do this?”. But then I felt joyful for this deed and understood that was really kind of me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2023-my-choice
About the people who taught me kindness$My name is Illya, I study in the 6th grade. I'm from Poltava, Ukraine. Our school is involved into "Random Acts of Kindness" movement so I decided to tell my story here. Each time when I go to the old couple, which lives near our school, I feel myself happy. I feel like a true volunteer each time I talk to them. These people taught me kindness. They gave me an example of their own kind life, and they told me the most important thing in life was: "FAMILY ." $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2022-about-the-people-who-taught
Good deeds that I do and good deeds that people do to me$My name is Slava, I study in the 6th grade. I'm from Poltava, Ukraine. Our school is involved into "Random Acts of Kindness" movement so I decided to tell my story here. Good deeds that I do and good deeds that people do to me.   I live with my loved ones. They do good deeds to me, I study and try to do the same.   On weekends, I help my mom to clean the house.  I load the dishwasher, sweep the floor, bring firewood for the fireplace and cook pancakes.  On Sunday I visit my grandmother.  I often walk with my brother and friends in our yard.  All these good deeds bring joy to my loved ones.   It brings me joy when my family and I walk in the park, when we roller skate or go to the movies. It is also important to help others.  When we go to the store, I try to give money to people who need it.  My mom drives people to town.    Kind deeds make our world a better place $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2021-good-deeds-that-i-do
My beloved auntie$My name is Kolya, I study in the 6th grade. I'm from Poltava, Ukraine. Our school is involved into "Random Acts of Kindness" movement so I decided to tell about the kindest person in my life. It was approximately 8-9 years ago, when my family went to the small village in the countryside. There lived my favorite auntie – Masha. She was really nice and kind, she did so many things for me! She was an example of kindness itself. When she passed away, it was very sudden and sad. I still miss her very much and I remember every moment with her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2020-my-beloved-auntie
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Doctor Pays Co-Pays on Random Acts of Kindness Day$https://www.1011now.com/content/news/Doctor-celebrates-Random-Act-of-Kindness-Day-covers-patient-copays-567959391.html $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2019-doctor-pays-co-pays-on-random
Mother and Son$I had just had my first son and was living in an apartment at the time. I received a package in the mail that was addressed to my unit, but not to me. I opened it and found a brand new iPhone, gum, tea boxes, small towels, some other items and a note. It was from a mother, a care package for her son. I read the letter and began to cry. Her son had left, moved away and wouldn't call home. This was the last address she had and the last amount of money she had, she used to put together this package, including that phone for him. Of course I closed the package, wrote a letter back to her saying how I had a son and felt her pain as a mothrr and shipped the package back to her return address. A few weeks later, I received a letter from her. Of course I cried even more this time. She had included a sweet gesture for me returning her package, a giftcard to target to use for items for my son. And until today, I always remember this lady and wonder what ever happened to her and her son.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2018-mother-and-son
Merci pour le pain au chocolat!$I had a cycling accident during my Erasmus year in Switzerland. My face was very bloody, and I had bandages across my nose and above my mouth. At the weekend, I went to a boulangerie where a kind stranger bought me a pain au chocolat. He disappeared before I could say thank you.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2017-merci-pour-le-pain-au
A thank you note on my windscreen$Some years ago I was working at a conference, and at the end of the day, tired, sore feet, dragging myself to my car, I found a heart shaped post-it note with a small bag of Haribos on my windscreen with a sweet, sweet thank you note.  My sore feet and tiredness were forgotten!  I was so touched.  To this day I don't know who left the note, and I'll always remember it with a huge smile on my face. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2016-a-thank-you-note-on
Paying it forward$As a young parent, I often struggled to have enough money to pay for groceries. A few years ago I saw a young family digging for change to pay for their item and had to put back some things because they didn't have the money. I told the cashier to put them on my purchase. I few months later, I bought a $25 gift card and gave to a cashier to hold on to and use it for another family who might come up short. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2015-paying-it-forward
The Closet$It was about 12 years ago and my sister was in the lunch room with her friend Patrick. She and Patrick went over to her normal lunch table so she could introduce Patrick to her friends. My mom was working in the school and told me this story because she witnessed it. Her friends said "we do not want him to sit with us" and "he is not welcome on this table." My sister infuriated, stands up and slams her hands on the table and yells, "he is my friend and he will sit here." In tears from nerves she sits down with her friend Patrick and leaves her other friends in shock. The reason they did not want Patrick to sit with them was because he was different from the other boys, not athletic, liked music, art, playing with make up. He ended up coming out as gay in high school and my sister and him grew somewhat apart at that time but he still remembers her kindness and her standing up for him. My sister inspired me to be best in life and I will always look up to her. In high school we were a team that never let anyone go bullied from students with disabilities to students that were just a little different.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2014-the-closet
My dog$I love my dog so much! Why? Because he’s always there when I’m sad or mad. :) His name is Duck. Right now he’s having a disease. It’s ringworms. I really hope he gets better. After all, he’s was always there for me. Now I should be there for him. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2013-my-dog
The kind manager$I’m staying at a hotel in Baltimore. The hotel manager saw me struggling while trying to purchase a salad and juice from the small cafe. He told me not to worry about it... I love kind people! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2011-the-kind-manager
Gum Giving!$It was the end of a long school day me and my best friend were packing up to go home.  I was looking through my bag and I found 1 piece of mint gum I was really happy I found it and then my best friend asked if she could have one and I said there was only 1 left and I gave it to her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2010-gum-giving
kindness around the world$you can show kindness to someone everywhere you go you can hold the door for someone you can give someone a complaiment. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2009-kindness-around-the-world
The cart$I was at Aldi (a supermarket  in river head) and to get a shopping cart you have to put a quarter to reliece the cart. so when we were done shopping we loded the car and my dad told me to go put the cart back. and there was an old lady wit a cane  going shopping.She needed a cart. so as she was about to put the quarter in I said"here take my cart." I gave it to her and she gave me a warm hug.I sprinted back to the carand buckeld up.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2008-the-cart
kindness$Help someone if they drop something on the floor or out of there backpack        And hold the door for someone        Ask someone if you want to sit wit them                                                            $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2007-kindness
Bus Behavior $I remember, once when I was sitting alone on the bus, one kid got on the bus and asked me, "Do you mind if I sit with you" and as soon as he asked that question I knew exactly what I was going to say.., "Yes!" Just as he sat down I knew, that he has just made my day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2006-bus-behavior
Bus Behavior $I remember, once when I was sitting alone on the bus, one kid got on the bus and asked me, "Do you mind if I sit with you" and as soon as he asked that question I knew exactly what I was going to say.., "Yes!" Just as he sat down I knew, that he has just made my day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2005-bus-behavior
Smile$One Day me And My Dad Went Back to the Car i Hopped in and I Smiled at Someone And He Smiled Back. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2004-smile
someone help me to get my things that had fall$so i went in class and my things drop then he came to help me to get my things up  he wsa kind guy all the time  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2003-someone-help-me-to-get
The Time I Held The Door For a Bunch Of People.$          I was on my way to get dinner with my family and when we  got there my family  walked in but I saw a bunch of people about to come in so I held the door until they came and it made me feel really good. They said thank you and so I went back with my family and I told then how I held the door for a group of people they were proud of me and said "good job!" I recommend doing something kind today like holding the door for someone, saying they look nice even smiling will spread kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2002-the-time-i-held-the
Kindness Begins with me!            $Once upon a time, their was one boy that was walking in the hallways, and when I saw him he dropped like Chocolate milk. Suddenly I when to the bathroom to get paper-towels to HELP him clean up. Then when I was done the staff give me an Shark-Bite. The End! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2001-kindness-begins-with-me
Kindness Matters$Kindness matters, always smile at  someone u see no matter what if they smile at u  u smile back to them u never know they could be having a bad day or that the kindness hit them one someone smile them if u smile at that person it would make them fell good or u feel better more u do it u spread joy around the world today smile to at least one person if there having a bad day or to spread that kindness around the world alot people smile one i see them in the hallway or at a store i smile right back. U don't have to smile hold a door, clean up for ur parents,  helps someone when they need a hand, make someone proud of there self,  were kindness shirt , give homless people food or money make the world a better place thank you for your time goodbye now. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2000-kindness-matters
kindness$There was a new kid at school in school and for a few days they really had no friends.They just moved from one place to another and didn't know anyone in my class so i decided to become his friend. After a while we became good friends and it turns out we liked many of the same things. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1999-kindness
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
My Random Act of Kindness$My random act of kindness is when my friends and I we're playing four square at recess. So when we we're playing, one of my friends hit the ball and she hit it out of bounds. When she hit it out of bounds, everyone was saying she was out but she didn't agree. Since she was very sensitive about it she decided to leave the game and go play by herself. A few minutes later... she was just throwing a football by herself. I felt bad so I decided to leave the game as well and play with her.  So I left the game and started playing with her. It felt so quick but then, '' Tweet!''. The whistle blew and it was time to get back to work. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1998-my-random-act-of-kindness
Make Your Day$Once in Kindergarten, It was my first day of school in a new school.I didn't know alot of people and I was very confused. I was on the bus sitting in a seat alone. I decided to sit with someone. I found a person sitting alone on the bus. I sat next to him and we talked. And I sat next to him the next day, and the next day, and the next one too.  To this day this person is still my friend and our relationship only grows closer and closer. That one moment in time made my day, and I am hoping this story made your day too. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1997-make-your-day
Football Kindness$In the semi finals in football my team was winning by over 35 points.And once the game was over in 14  degree weather I saw a kid crying and upset that his team lost in the semi finals so I went up to him and was cheering him up.It was a good game on both sides of the ball for the both of us and he did not deserve to be upset and no one care besides his parents. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1996-football-kindness
Kindness$Someone at the supermarket held the the door open while my hands were full. I helped my little brother with homework he was struggling with. kindness doesn't take a lot  of work. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1995-kindness
act of kindness$One time someone dropped there stuff during music.He was picking up his stuff with no one helping him.Then I helped pick up his stuff.He thanked me for helping him picking up his music and his binder.And told me that I was being very kind to him. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1994-act-of-kindness
picking a change$So one day last year at a grocery story (aka Stop and Shop) an older person dropped there change. But i stood right there and pick all the change up for her. thats all! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1993-picking-a-change
Kindness helps others$One time in school i feel and hurt my self. I walked down to the nurse when a student asked if i was okay. When she said that i felt better. I told her i was okay she smiled and made me smile too $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1992-kindness-helps-others
one  act of kindness$one time their was a girl who was  crying because she got a 80 on her test and i went over to her and i said why are you crying and she said because i got a 80 and i said you should not be crying a 80 is a  amazing  score and you should be proud i am proud and your next test just believe in your self and you will get a 100 and she said i will. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1991-one-act-of-kindness
The Fat Shaming Incident$One time my friend was making fun of me for being FAT. I was so angry and sad, I wanted to express my deep anger to that friend. But I remember that kindness is the key, so rather, I bought him a box of chocolate and say "Let's be fat together". Since then, we became best friends. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1990-the-fat-shaming-incident
dance for a free slice of pizza $I was in nyc and this man was standing up with a sign and it said dance for a piece and i danced and got a piece of pizza  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1989-dance-for-a-free-slice
dance for a free slice of pizza $I was in nyc and this man was standing up with a sign and it said dance for a piece and i danced and got a piece of pizza  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1988-dance-for-a-free-slice
when i held the door for somebody$I went to the store and i bought clothes and somebody already paid so we came out of the store at the same time so i held the door for her and she said thank you $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1987-when-i-held-the-door
the 7,11 story  $my dad owns a daycare and i sometimes go there and it was it was July 11 and  we went to 7,11 to get Slurpee's  and when we were getting ready to pay the guy in front off us payed for us  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1975-the-7-11-story
humble and kind$One day i was going grocery shopping with my mom and dad. When i see this homeless lady sitting at the corner of the doors. I ask my dad "Dad can we help her she is poor!" I say with a frown on my face. "Um i don't know baby girl. We just bought all this food". I look at him with a sad face ":(. But dad we have alot of food we have enough to spare a little with her!". "Oh alright". "yay!!". Then me and my dad and mom give the lady,Already cooked chicken,Candy,Chips,Oreos,And some water. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1974-humble-and-kind
A night at the dinner $One day my family and I went to this dinner, when we where finished my father payed the waitress a 25$ tip. The waitress told him that made his day and made him really happy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1973-a-night-at-the-dinner
An Act Of Kindness$When I still lived at my old house i  had an elderly neighbor.  one day she was bringing in her groceries, and i came outside and helped her bring it in.   in return she gave me a bunch of candy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1972-an-act-of-kindness
Extra change goes a long way$I went to the store with my dad and there was people in front of us.  There was one family in front of us and they didn't have enough money and they were short five dollars.  Me and my dad gave them five dollars and they were able to buy there groceries . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1971-extra-change-goes-a-long
the day someone held the door for me$one day i went to my friends house and he held the door for me $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1970-the-day-someone-held-the
The necklace $I was at a jewelry store and there was a girl who was looking at the necklaces. She asked her parents if she could get a necklace and they said no. I felt bad so i asked my parents if I could get a necklace and they said yes. I saw the same girl in another store so I let her have my necklace. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1969-the-necklace
im hungry$I was waiting online for the best restaurant in New York city and there was a poor person waiting at the back.We saw him and told him to come to the front with us and he ate before us, and we paid for him $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1968-im-hungry
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Dance Class$Once i missed one of my dance classes  and when i had dance class again my friends taught me the part of the dance i missed and it helped me a lot. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1967-dance-class
helping the homeless $The other day on a Monday i went to Aladdin on Broadway  and we when to carmines to eat and they gave huge size plates and we had a lot of left overs so we paged them up and walked around the city and gave all the food to a bunch of homeless people so they had a dinner  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1966-helping-the-homeless
kindness begins with me$One day when i saw someone who seemed really upset and didnt  have any friends so i went up and asked them hey do you want to be friends and she said you just made my day the best one ever. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1965-kindness-begins-with-me
Helping people with there bags$One time me and my mom where putting the bags in the truck it was pouring.And we saw a elderly lady and she was trying to but her bags in the car but she was struggling.So me and my mom helped helped her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1964-helping-people-with-there-bags
Helping people with there bags$One time me and my mom where putting the bags in the truck it was pouring.And we saw a elderly lady and she was trying to but her bags in the car but she was struggling.So me and my mom helped helped her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1963-helping-people-with-there-bags
STARBUCKS$    ONE DAY ME AND MY DAD WENT TO STARBUCKS AND THE LADY IN FRONT OF US PAID FOR OUR STUFF AND WE PAID FOR THE PEOPLE IN BACK OF US.  :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1962-starbucks
Road Trip$Me and my friends were coming home from a road trip and we saw an old lady on the side of the road.  We had a lot of extra food in the car. We felt really bad so we decided to give her some cereal and a juice box, doing this mad me feel really good. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1961-road-trip
Kindness$Kindness is important and so is story's! so heres a story about Kindness! So me and my mom were at the store and we had alot of food and stuff we had 150$ to spend on supplies so we got our stuff and we went to pay for it but we were 25$ to much my mom asked me to put the crackers away but then the lady behind us paid for the 25$ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1960-kindness
STARBUCKS$    ONE DAY ME AND MY DAD WENT TO STARBUCKS AND THE LADY IN FRONT OF US PAID FOR OUR STUFF AND WE PAID FOR THE PEOPLE IN BACK OF US.  :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1959-starbucks
kindness at sturbucks $I was at starbucks and my aunt was behind me in her car and my mom payed for her and she payed for the next person and we came back a couple hours later and they said other people kept on paying for the next person $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1958-kindness-at-sturbucks
An Act Of Kindness$When Istill lived at my old house  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1957-an-act-of-kindness
The Nursing Home$Walking into the nursing home, I couldn't wait to see my great grandpa. I haven't seen him in a while, and me and my siblings were really excited. It felt a little weird, though, seeing all these elderly citizens. After exiting the elevator, it smelled nicely of fresh flowers. And when we were almost at great grandpas room, there was a women in a wheelchair, looking at us, and I felt sorry for her, getting put in a nursing home. "Your children are all so pretty. Are they all yours?" she asked. I knew why she would be curious. I'm one of three girls. "Yes." my mom answered. " Well, you raised them all so beautifully!" She gave me a big smile."Thank you!" my mom smiled at the lady. I smiled too.felt good to know that she was happy. And that made me happy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1956-the-nursing-home
saying hi go's a long way$one day i was walking to my bus stop and someone walking there dog and they said hi to me so i said hi back and that day i had the best day ever and i said that it was because the person walking there dog said hi to me that was why i had the best day ever so i learned that saying hi go's a long way. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1955-saying-hi-gos-a-long
Happy Friends! :D$On 2/5/2020, I went to PE at 12:35. we came in the gym and started playing dizzy ball (which is like gaga ball) and in the middle of the game, the gym teacher told me to sit out because of my boots. I couldn't even do volleyball! I was so sad because I really love dizzy ball. My friend saw me and came over and tried to make me feel better by telling me that I could go to the nurse to get sneakers. I asked and she said yes. I was so overjoyed! So, thanks to my friend, I was able to play gym!      :D $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1954-happy-friends-d
Kindness At The Movie Theater$One time I was at the movie theater and my movie was about to start. Right before my movie started i told my dad the I was hungry and me and my dad gave me money to go back to buy something. After that I went down  to get some churros and when I gave the man that was working there money to buy something. When I gave him the money, he said that we did not have enough money. Me and my sister looked at each other and looked back at the man and he said "its okay I will pay for the rest" and me and my sister said thank you so much. After that me and my sister went back and watch the movie and it was great. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1953-kindness-at-the-movie-theater
kindness$one time when i was friendly's i was playing with the claw machine and their was a lady in a wheel chair and she was trying to open the door but she was struggling so i ran and i opened  the door and i held her hand when i let her in and i felt really good inside. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1952-kindness
kindness$one time when i was friendly's i was playing with the claw machine and their was a lady in a wheel chair and she was trying to open the door but she was struggling so i ran and i opened  the door and i held her hand when i let her in and i felt really good inside. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1951-kindness
Unstuck :)$It was a cold winter day and me and my dad were going shopping, there was this four year old in a weal   chair, her and her mom  were going inside so were we and the weal chair got stuck in the in between the door and the wall, so me and my dad helped her mom get the weal chair unstuck.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1950-unstuck
My best friend Ava $I play on a travel lacrosse team and my best friend Ava is on the team. One time we had a tournament. So we were about to play a game and if we won this game we would have went to the finals. Ava had to leave. So when Ava was in the car she begged her mom to come back just to see me. So when she got back to the tournament I sore her walking up to me while I was on the side lines and she said she came back to see me and I gave her a big hug. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1949-my-best-friend-ava
kindness$When I had crutches Katelynn helped me a lot i needed to bring my backpack down to the classroom but i couldn't, so Katelynn helped me and brought it down to the classroom for me.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1948-kindness
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
happy :)$last year I was crying, because some on was bulling me. I did not want to cry, but I cred anyways. Then i went to my friend Kaelyn and she made me happy she stood up for me.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1947-happy
when kindness starts$When I was at a book fair at my old school, I saw some one staring at this one thing I walked closer to her she tear in her eye. She had no money in her hand. It looked like she really wanted something. I gave her a doller and she thanked me. She was able to get what she wanted and smiled the rest of the day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1946-when-kindness-starts
kindness$I was doing a practice audition in front of the class but I was really scared to sing, I started to sing but then i started to cry because I was so nervous and a lot of people supported me and made me feel less nervous  for auditions. That  was there acts of kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1945-kindness
yeeting kindness$one day my friend was at my house and my dad was going to get some Nerf guns. so me and my friend were playing basket ball. my dad was going to get about 10 new Nerf guns but when he got home he got 20 more Nerf guns. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1944-yeeting-kindness
school bus$On the first day of school ever i was going on to the bus.When i was trying to find a seat and all the seats were full and then someone asked me to sit with them.I did but then he asked to be friends and thats  how i made my first friend. :D $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1943-school-bus
the help of kindness$i held the door for dad. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1942-the-help-of-kindness
a good and bad story$One day in 2019 a kid named kyle had a friend named logon. and they were best friends for 4 years but they were not in the same class for 1 hole year but when kyle went into hes new classroom logon was also in the class they never really got to talk because kyle did not want to make the teacher mad so they just did not talk... hey talked a but not a lot because they needed to do there work so ya weeks later the teacher said that they could talk to each other so they did but kyle was thinking of something that he gave to logon and then he started to talk to logon about it and how he wanted it but logon loved it and kyle gave it to him when school was about to end so logon did not give it up because he loved it hey got in a big fight but then a teacher saw them then kyle needed to talk with the teacher he felt bad for logon because he did not mean it to go that far the teacher and him talked and he said sorry to logon and then kyle said "i am sorry can we still be friends?" and then logon said "sure" they never talked about it ever agin it was hard but kyle and logon wnated to be best friends forever and noting bad ever happined agin to there friendship $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1941-a-good-and-bad-story
opening a door for someone$one time somebody had a bag filled with stuff and she needed to go inside so I opened the door for her $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1940-opening-a-door-for-someone
the bad ear$One time someone was having trouble listening to the teacher and they asked the teacher to repeat the directions and they still didn't hear the teacher so I spent a few minutes explaining the directions to them. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1939-the-bad-ear
RAK week$            I was walking into the assembly for ALS and we were watching a video about the als ride for life and my two friends started crying because the video was so sad so me and my teachers tried to comfort them to make them feel better, and it did help. the afterwoulds we went to lunch and I made them laugf and i did. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1938-rak-week
the time my mom twist her ankle.$the time  my mom twist her ankle and i helped  her get to the car. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1937-the-time-my-mom-twist
kindly joey$Once upon a time there was a kid named joey who was very kind.he helped poeple cross the street, he helped people with groceries,and he picked up stuff that people dropped.joey was a very good person.and a very good helper.THE END $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1935-kindly-joey
i hold a door for my class$one  time i hold the door for my classroom while holding a bin full of earbuds $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1934-i-hold-a-door-for
Meeting friend$One time someone was new at school  and she had no friend.So I walk up to her and said do you want to my friend .She said yes.Now, we are best friend  .Her name is kaitlin.I think i made her Day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1933-meeting-friend
kindness cares$     A time I saw someone have there hands full and I was walking  thew  the door and I diced to hold the door for 10 other people. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1932-kindness-cares
the person who droped 20 dollars $When i was walking this person drop a 20 dollar bill and he did not know so i picked it up and gave it back too him. After that he seemed really happy and i think i made his day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1931-the-person-who-droped-20
making some ones day$one time when i was on the bus their was this one girl that would sit alone all day every day and then one day i said " do you want me to sit with you" and she said yes, then the next day i said can we be friends,  she was the new girl and had no friends, and now to this day we are still friends $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1930-making-some-ones-day
My RAK story$One time I saw a boy hold his mother's grocery bags. His mother had a huge smile on her face. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1929-my-rak-story
holding the door $In school i always make sure to hold the door for my teachers. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1928-holding-the-door
Donating to others in need!$My Aunt works at an outreach, and we love donating toys, cloths, and kitchen supplies to the outreach for family's in need. It was close September witch means that school would be starting in a few days. I realized that some people can not afford there school supplies so I started collecting money. When me and my family when school supplies shopping, me and my mom went around the store and with the money we made we bought some supplies to give to the outreach. My aunt was so super happy and everyone got the supplies they needed! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1927-donating-to-others-in-need
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
come with us$It was a sunny day when I was sitting at the play ground with my friend.  I saw another girl sitting all alone. Then  I asked my friend Jenna if I could ask her if she could play with us. She said sure.  So then I  asked her to play with us. And then Tanvie said sure. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1926-come-with-us
The Epic Door :D$Once when I was 8, me and my grandma went shopping. We saw somebody leaving the mall with lots of bags. We were about to leave too so I helped her with the door. The End :P                                                                                                                     Sincerely,                                                                                                                          J.P.  :D $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1925-the-epic-door-d
kindness$one time  i was kind to my friend her name is lily she was sad about her dog so i wanted to make her happy so i try to be a best friend and i made her a funny joke and she stoped crying and that made me happy she side thank you for being my best friend and i was kind to her that made me happy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1924-kindness
Helping story$Once my friends and I were playing outside after school. Then, we saw a dad and his son playing with lightsabers. We were all confused because it was a little late. But then they came over to us and said hi. We meet his son which was our age. He was very nice! We became best friends! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1923-helping-story
The Spreading of Artistic Talent $      I gave a random act of kindness when I gave other kids in my school art tips to boost there knowledge for all things art . I would sit with a few kids who wanted some art in their brain and they loved it . The best thing was that I was doing it voluntily . everyone loved my classes and some of them even started to love art. I love art and I helped others love it to, $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1922-the-spreading-of-artistic-talent
the video game special$It was a cold winters night.  Me and my brother were playing catch and it was fun.  We were throwing a giant tennis ball around.  Then all of the sudden he didn't want to play anymore.  When we stopped, he said do you want to play on my xbox?  I was so happy because he never wanted me to play with him.  that really made me happy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1921-the-video-game-special
A Moment of Kindness$One time I was kind to someone was when I helped my sister fall asleep on a cruise.  she kept saying that she felt ''stretchy ''.   I tried to calm her down but it wasn't working.  So I decided to sing her a soft song I knew that she would start to fall asleep soon and soon enough she did.  I'm so lucky to have a beautiful young adorable sister. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1920-a-moment-of-kindness
Sharing  Kindness  To  All  Around$One time when I was at my sisters soccer practice at a big indoor room with a lot of other soccer games going on I was waiting for my sisters practice to be over I had just bought a bag of chips but then I herd the final buzzer and realized it was finnlay over after an hour of practice  and I had just realized how my dad was kind enough to buy me some chips so I decided to do some thing kind back so when we were about to leave  I held open the door for them but then realized that it felt good after doing that so I held it open for everyone I saw coming and from that night I felt really good. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1919-sharing-kindness-to-all-around
Holding the door for a family$once me and my family where going to dinner when we walked in i noticed that there was a family outside about to open the door,i the  raced to open the and just in time I pushed the door open for the family.They then began to thank me and i said"your welcome" I then caught up to my family and my dad had said"good job helping that family"I then said"thank you".  Then we sat down and began to eat out food the end. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1918-holding-the-door-for-a
Sophia's Missing Pencil$We were walking into math class.  We sat down at our table.  As we were taking out our supplies.  I noticed Sophia didn't have a pencil.  Then I took out an extra pencil  and gave it to Sophia. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1917-sophias-missing-pencil
                                              fiends                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  $ It was my fiends birthday but she had to go to school. Her mom was pregnant and had to go to work.To make her feel better I made her a small cupcake out of perler beads.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1916-fiends
breaking it up $it was Friday at about 8:21 and I just got on the bus and the first thing i see is two kids  fighting and I thought they must be joking until I heard one say "STOP, please" and i immediately  ran at him and said "hey, HE'S HAD ENOUGH" and one of them jerked their head at me and timidly shrunk back to his seat. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1915-breaking-it-up
Perler Bead Cupcake$  My birthday is in a few weeks and my friend gave me a cupcake make of"Perler Beads" for my birthday $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1914-perler-bead-cupcake
fishing$one time when i was camping i was down at the dock fishing by some random people and i ran out of bait so i went to the camper to get some bait and my grandpa gave me some and i kept running out of bait so i would go back over and over again i dident know if my grandparents new these people i saw there one day so one time my grandpa came down to the dock with me and the same people where there so my grandpa started talking to them and they became friends so when we ran out of bait they gave us some live bait and me and my grandpa were impressed on how cool the live bait was so the next day we went to the store and bought bait and a live bait bucket and then we returned to the same people and when we ran out of bait then they gave us some so that saved us alot of money on bait and they even let us use there fishing net and they are expenesive very expensive so that also saved alot of money and it was alot of fun to make friends and go fishing with them!!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1913-fishing
The pick-up$We were on the lacrosse field for practice and all of a sudden there was a big "Whack" .  Then my friend Vincent fell over and started screaming. I helped him up and brought him to his mom. It turns out he got a broken leg. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1912-the-pick-up
Kindness while Bowling$On a warm summer day my friend Marley an I were going to do something we have never done before. We were going to go bowling! After about an hour of bowling we wanted lunch so there was a  bunch of tables and inside the bowling alley  there was a place where you can get pizza. My mom gave me some money for a pizza and a water so I walked up and got my food.But Marley did not have any money.My mom gave me a $10 bill to spend on the food.Pizza was $2. Water was $1. Soda was $3.Marley told me that she wanted 1 pizza and 1 soda so I gave her $5 from my change so marley could get some food too! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1911-kindness-while-bowling
kindness in art$My kindness story is when I was in art class and me and my friend Ashlyn complemented on each others art work because we were using markers so if we messed up it could not be  erased but we did not mess up. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1910-kindness-in-art
Paid For Meal$    One day my mother and I went out for lunch to McDonalds. When we got to the window to get our food we were told the person in front of us paid for our food! We were told that 37 people have done it without breaking the chain and we were the 38th to do it. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1909-paid-for-meal
A HELPING HAND$I was at Walmart and somebody fell so I helped them up and then helped them with there grocers. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1908-a-helping-hand
Big Chungus$I met this kid today in class. He told me to call him Big Chungus. I said okay. I've been calling him Big Chungus since then. He's my best friend. #RandomActOfKindness $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1907-big-chungus
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Epic kid$He is soooo epic $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1899-epic-kid
Epic kid$He is soooo epic $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1898-epic-kid
Act$My best act of kindness $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1897-act
#NannyWave $My 18 year old daughter died  Nov. 26th, 2019. She was killed by a semi/car wreck  Natalie Ramos died on Nov. 26th. We will never forget the night the cops showed up to tell us our daughter was gone. I remember just screaming her name over and over again, hoping she would hear me and come back. She left behind a twin Nikole, and 4 other sisters, Jassmyn  25, Jaqlynn 22, Mel 17 and Ashley age 12.  Her sisters are devastated and miss her so much. Our family is broken but we are trying to repair.  My sister Brittany Bell started a Remembering Natalie Ramos page and decided to make cards for people to pass around for acts of kindness in Natalie's name.  Natalie was supposed to graduate mid term and had plans to go to college to be a social worker. She loved children and wanted to adopt someday. She always rooted for the underdog and was kind and caring.  We are using our daughters death to spread love in her memory. That love wins over all things. She cared more about everyone else than she did herself.  So if anyone see's one of these cards going around whether you are the giver or participant let us know your act of kindness with #NannyWave, these cards have been going all over the place. We hope to spread love many many years so that Natalie is never forgotten.  Thank you.  Natalie's Mom. Carrie $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1896-nannywave
My cat Ryder$well when I was sad my cat always cheered me up because of  school and tough situations  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1889-my-cat-ryder
who knows$There was a kid who smiled at a kid and the other kid smiled back, it was a very happy day.  THE END $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1888-who-knows
It will be okay$I was really sad because one of my friends was mad at me and she was the leader of our group, and one of the girls that I used to hang out with asked me if I wanted to sit by her at lunch! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1887-it-will-be-okay
Student Random Act of Kindness$I am a second grade teacher and my students are learning economics; how to budget and save their money.  We were sharing the other day what we are saving our money for and after the students shared, I shared what I am saving my money for. They know that I have a daughter that lives in Pennsylvania and one in California, so I told them I save my money so I can visit my daughters. Then next day, my student, Angel, comes to me with a one dollar bill.  I asked him what that was for. He said it was for my trip so that I can could take a plane to see my daughters! I was overwhelmed with emotion and told Angel that my heart was full from his act of kindess.  I told him that my savings was growing and he should save the money himself.  Later in the day, when going through a basket of their papers, I noticed the dollar again.  He really wanted me to have it. This was just the sweetest thing ever, from one of the sweetest boys in my class! Thank you for listening to my story. Sincerely, Joan Perugini $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1886-student-random-act-of-kindness
Continuing my twins kindness...$Growing up,  my twin brother always had a smile on his face and room in his heart for any & all.   Sadly,  my family lost him in February 2010. :-(   One way I've kept our connection alive is through what I call my "Ark Week".  Every February I take the week of his passing and turn it into remembering my twin through Acts of Kindness.  This is the 10th anniversary of his passing & Ark Week has turned that week into something positive and my way of repaying him for all the smiles, laughs & love he gave me everyday in our short time together.  I miss his more everyday... but,  during Ark Week that missing hurt is lessened.  (I should add that over the years it's grown beyond 1 week & into minimum of 2 weeks. )  :-)  I'd also like to add a HUGE THANK YOU to everyone who lives a life of Kindness! It's very much appreciated by so many!!! Keep it up!!!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1885-continuing-my-twins-kindness
It Will Be Ok $I was walking up the stairs in the mall, when I heard screaming. I started running up the stairs to see if my mom was ok, and she was but this lady was lying on the ground, crying, and screaming. I run over and help her sit  up, while my mom is calling the ambulance. I start rubbing her foot, then eventually she calms down. The ambulance came and got her, it turned out she had tripped opening the door because she had a cane. To this day I'm always holding doors, and doing stuff that people need me to do. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1884-it-will-be-ok
Gift Cards Changed Everything $I heard a story on Facebook about how this woman didnt have enough money for her groceries so the cashier said that someone left a gift card for who ever needed it. She was thankful, now everyone has started keeping up with the trend 2020 Aldi challenge. Give a gift card at any store to help those in need, you never know how kindness feel until you try. This just made my day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1883-gift-cards-changed-everything
Using your time to help other people.$I was on my way to class when the person in front of me spilled there stuff all over the floor. So i stoped what i was doing and helped that person out. Of course i got in trouble for being 10 minutes late to class. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1882-using-your-time-to-help
SuperCuts $One afternoon I went to cut my hair at the salon and noticed a man come in that looked homeless. He asked how much was a haircut and the lady replied $18. I was sitting there wondering how long it must have took him to collect that money and if in the process he didn’t eat just to cut his hair. So when I was done I told him I wanted to do something kind for him and pay his haircut and that he can use his money for food to eat. He said Ok and smiled. I’m glad I was able to make his day better. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1881-supercuts
Opening doors$One day I was walking to school then I went in and opened the door for the next person.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1880-opening-doors
Paying for peoples food and snacks in lunch.$Sometimes i pay for peoples drinks and  paying for snacks. I used to do it because  im really nice to other people and i wanted to pay for people who dont have the money to pay for their own stuff. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1879-paying-for-peoples-food-and
leaving friends to be a friend$One time when I was at church I was sitting with all of my friends right by the heater I was in my favorite seat with all the people I would want to sit by, when one of the other girls in my ward came in  late, she had never really been friends with any of the other people in are class, and she hardly ever came. when she came in she sat in the back all by herself. I then knew what I needed to do. I left what I thought was the best seat in class and sat in the back with the girl that was late. when I sat back there with her I had hoped that my friends would come sit with her to, but not one of them did. I was the only one who would sit by her. once I had sat down with her I looked toward the front of my room where my teacher was looking at me her eyes where full of tears, then she smiled at me and went on with her lesson. I was happy that I made the choice to go and sit by her even if it meant leaving the best seat in class, and even if no one else would sit by her, I am so happy that I did. after class my teacher came up to me and said thank you, thank you for sitting by her when no one else would, thank you. the church I go to is all about helping others and doing the right thing, there are many people in this world that just need someone to sit by them.   church of Jesus Christ of later day saints. I promise you that if you are lost and you just need a friend if you go to this church you will fill loved, and mabey church is not you thing I would like to ask you to read the Book of Mormon . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1878-leaving-friends-to-be-a
Sometimes you don't have to know$Last summer I was riding my bike around are neighborhood when I say one of are older neighbors picking up branches that had been blown of her trees from the storm from the night before.  when I was riding my bike past her house my bike just came to a stop. I got this feeling that I needed to go and help her. I brushed the feeling off and kept riding when my bike came to a stop again, I looked back at her as she was bending down and reaching for the big branches. The feeling came back to me that I needed to go and help her. I walked my bike back to her house and set it down on the ground, I then was not even sure if it was my neighbor or if the person there was someone who was being paid to pick up the branches. when I got closer I said " would you like help" the old lady looked up at me it was my neighbor. A big smile came across her face as she looked me in the eyes  she said "yes that would be amazing" I then started picking up the branches from around her yard. almost an hour of hard work we were almost done. I could not even imagine how long it would have taken her is she had done it all by herself. after we had finished she thanked me many times. I told her that it was fine and I enjoyed getting to help her, and if she needed any more help that I would be willing to help her anytime. I then walked back to mike bike and rode off, I felt so happy that I was able to help this girl. helping others is not always easy, but it will always be worth it. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1877-sometimes-you-dont-have-to
One Flower in Her Garden of Kindness$I will never forget the first time I heard about how Carol Miller was spreading kindness in the world...  I was at a conference in Santa Fa and she was talking about how she gives Free Hugs downtown Chicago.... I knew in that moment that I needed to get involved. You see, I had been offering free listening and I was creating Facebook posts about 'Everyday Heroes' offering ways we can spread kindness.  But when I heard about offering free hugs, it changed my life. I reached out to Carol to let her know that I was offering free hugs in Canada the first weekend of each month and she added me to her Free Hug Movement, an effort to give out 1 million hugs globally this year. Carol also offered to meet me at the border and give out hugs together in Niagara Falls.  That was one of the most special days of my life  because we were able to collectively give out over 500 hugs to strangers from all over the world in just 90 minutes. Hugging touches the heart of most people.  The uncomfortable ones are curious, and the open ones are so appreciative.  I know that when I am out hugging, I am impacting so many people and role modelling love and kindness.  Hugs lift people up immediately and start a chain reaction. It makes me so proud to be one flower in Carol Miller's garden of kindness.  I am proud to share her work and her efforts with others.  She has been an amazing role model and I feel blessed to have met her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1876-one-flower-in-her-garden
Random acts of kindness in 2019$I would like to write about tsome acts of kindness from this year 2019 in order to inspire others. I was waiting outside a supermarket and someone asked me to take care of her dog. I am not a dog´s person, but I accepted eventhough it was a pitbull¡¡¡ I was really nervous because the dog started chasing something and trying to scape. But there was I, taking care of a dog I found scary. After a few minutes the owner came back. She was really thankful and kind that I felt well for doing to effort of taking care of the dog of a stranger. Last month I worked as a volunteer for ecologic activism with children. We were making bags with T-shirts in order to avoid the use of plastic bags. It was exhausting but the children smiled so much after learning how to make their bags and taking photos, so proud of their work. It was worth it. The supermarket was giving points to achieve a number of points and receive a toy. I do not have children yet, but I decided to collect the points and afterwards I put an advertisement offering the toys and two families, that were not going to be able to buy toys this Christmas, came to collect them and were really thankful. I was decluttering and saw that I had many foreign coins that I was not going to use and decided to donate the repeated ones. I put an advertisement and a collector came from far away and it was nice to meet him and have a nice chat over coins and collecting. I was selling some stuff I did not use and a man came to buy a celestial planisphere. I got to know him and he invited me to join his free group for looking for stars and attend the meeting to look for shooting stars¡¡ I volunteered to organise Secret Santa at work. I went so well. I am new at this office and everybody tried to get to know other people and learn about their hobbies. It went awesome¡¡ I decided to collaborate with some projects I found interesting this year. One of them is incharge of planting trees, so I have been giving trees as a present for the whole year and it was surprising how the liked the idea¡¡ Now everyone can visit their tree.  The other project was to create a recording study for new talents in North Caroline. This week I received the first album recorded there¡¡ I hope this acts of random kindness can inspire you. Have a nice year 2020¡¡¡ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1875-random-acts-of-kindness-in
I cleaned my room$Today I cleaned my room as an act kindness to not only myself but to my mother as well so she doesn't have to yell at me every morning $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1873-i-cleaned-my-room
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Love at the Border$I had the chance to watch Hugo, Eunice and Yonathan Moya risk their own safety to take love to some hurting people across the border from the Rio Grande Valley. Their love looked like smiles, hugs, tacos, hygeine kits and interaction that let these marginalized people know they are loved and not forgotten. It was beautifully kind!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1872-love-at-the-border
Awesome.one "Awesome" app with Kindness Challenges$After my wife Jill died in 2016 from a texting-while-driving accident, I was left to navigate raising our 4 children under 10. Making sure my children grow into beautiful kind hearted adults is my greatest goal. My Children are growing up in a digital Social World and I want to help provide them with the best tools possible, but there are no digital tools to create and celebrate kindness. We  created AWESOME a Social Networking Game for Good. “Making it fun to do good”. Users share and create Kindness Challenges and also invite friends to receive points. Users are awarded points when they share the Kindness Challenge to one social platform. The users profile ring changes colors as points accumulate and each level is celebrated with an animated explosion.  It only takes one person to create a ripple effect of Kindness. Let's make the World more Awesome together. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1871-awesome-one-awesome-app-with-kindness
helping$one time me and my dad were at the store and a lady had a lot of bags so we went over there and helped her at self check-out. Once we were done she returned the kindness to us by giving us hugs and buying us anything we wanted in the store $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1870-helping
Lunch$On the first day of middle school,I was sitting down at lunch and I see this girl.She did not speak any English and did not bring any lunch,so I gave her my lunch. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1869-lunch
Life with Ruth$Two and a half years ago I began the toughest and most rewarding job I've ever had. I am the live-in caregiver for my sister-in-law's mother. Ruth has dementia. I was worried I wouldn't be able to handle this whole thing. It has been the most challenging growth experience of my life! Ruth is my hero. In spite of how tough her life is due to her memory impairment, she always finds something sweet to say to everyone around her. She tells me how pretty I am and how she loves me multiple times a day, and she always wants to help me if I'm tired or not feeling well. She is my world and my inspiration to be a good human being. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1868-life-with-ruth
Every Day$At school every day I do something. one day I would pay for someones lunch. the next day I would help the cook. my challenge is to help someone at lunch or every where but one person can't do it all of us need to!!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1867-every-day
One kind act ...$I was sat in the ER with my husband.  his health was poor,  and I was with my three daughters aged 6, 4 and 6 weeks. A very kind lady helped me by playing cards with my two eldest daughters and feeding my baby her milk. My husband is still with us 20 years on although he lost his leg (a right hip disarticulation - www. highdisarticulation.blogspot.com)a few years ago, he is well and back at work as an engineer. Our daughters are now all adults. My eldest two girls work in the medical profession and my youngest who will be 21 in December will soon be a scientist. So thank you to Jackie - You saved us that day - I know you are out there somewhere xxx $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1866-one-kind-act
Lost Wallet$one day me and my mom were going  to the store, and when we got to the doors there was a wallet just laying there on the ground. I picked it up and showed my mom, she told me to take the drivers license out; i did. we looked around and around the store for the person that had no clue they dropped their wallet. finally we found him and his kids almost to the check out lane . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1865-lost-wallet
Chuckee Cheese$When I was at Chuckee Cheese I really wanted this barbie doll, but I didn't have enough tickets, so the guy running the prize booth gave me the barbie doll. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1864-chuckee-cheese
Day at chucky cheese.$When I was very young, I went to chucky cheese for a family day. I had my heart set on this cool toy that could turn from a gun to a sword. I worked super hard on getting as many tickets as I could. But then, I ran out of tokens. I had about 700 tickets, but the gun sword was 2000 tickets. I asked my mom if I could get more tokens, but she said that we were leaving soon and that I was just gonna have to watch or take turns. I was super upset. I asked my sister if I could have some tokens, but she said no because she was trying to get an expensive toy. I was crushed, I had to watch my family play games. On the way out of chucky cheese, my sister handed me the toy that I wanted. It turns out that she was saving her tickets for some very expensive toy for 3000 tickets, but she saw that I was sad that I didn't have  enough tickets to buy the gun sword. So she bought it for me. Thank you sis! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1863-day-at-chucky-cheese
Lost Card$I was at a football game and my friend Found a card, (I think a credit card) so we handed it to the concession people, so they could find the person it belonged to.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1862-lost-card
Grandparents$My grandma once told me that my great-grandma had a horrible toothache, I know how much my great-grandma loves talking to us grandkids, so I decided to call her and ask about her tooth. I just know it made her day!!! So every chance you get, call or go see your grandparents please, I know they will love it!!   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1861-grandparents
Act of Kindness$When My Father and I were going to the Pistons game after eating at a restaurant, my dad had a little box of pizza left and we gave a homeless guy our pizza to eat. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1860-act-of-kindness
Resturant$When my mom and I were at a restaurant eating dinner, and we asked for the bill. The waiter told us that somebody has already paid for our bill. This made me realize that any stranger could do something like that and that everybody should be as kind as possible. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1859-resturant
Getting coffee$There was a police officer in front of us at the drive through and we payed for his meal $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1857-getting-coffee
Fallen$One day I was in like 4th grade, It was during recess and me and my friend Charlie were walking around the track in the snow goofing around. We walked around belting out song lyrics(I still do) when we watched a little girl slip on the ice and fall. ¨Are you Ok?"I asked worried. The girl was in tears. ¨Can you stand¨ I ask. The girl nods her head while Charlie covers her mouth trying to stop her laughter. I help her up and walk, well more like limp to a noon supervisor who rushed over and brought her inside. I took a deep breath and Charlie burst out laughing. I guess we helped someone. Even though it was not world kindness, we still had the heart to do it. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1856-fallen
Random Hugs$I have been struggling with anxiety and depression, and am currently in the process of changing meds. It had been nearly 36 hours since I had sleep, and I was sitting at the doctors clinic a bit upset and sniffly waiting to see my doctor. A lady was sitting opposite me and asked if I was ok, and if I wanted a hug. I hesitated and said “I’m ok”. She then says, well I need a hug, it look like you need one too. So we got up and just hugged in the middle of the doctors clinic. It’s was random but it cheered me up a bit. I’m thankful to her, she later introduced herself as “Caroline, Caroline the hugger” haha, said pretty much like James Bond says. I was extremely greatful to Caroline for brightening my morning!!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1838-random-hugs
Day out in beauty parlour with my daughter$I was with my daughter in Beauty parlour and waiting to be seen and there comes young girl who had appointment booked already I told her to go first and when she sat infront of the lady she was checking her purse to pay for her eyebrow threading and she was counting all her changes that she and she was panicking and she couldn't afford to give 50p extra and she was saying that if she taken money out from the cash machine and she will be charged extra amount for the 50p and she needed to go somewhere important and so I have paid 50p to that young girl and she was really amazed and thanked me so much and was saying how lovely I was to give that 50p $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1837-day-out-in-beauty-parlour
Customer's story$I went to see this customer  who is living alone and she was very very upset and was in tears as her aunt died in South Africa And she couldn’t go to the funeral as she suffering from athristis and she asked me to read this letter which her brother had sent her and I told her this is personnel and she requested me to read this letter as I was reading this and she cried even more and I stopped reading then she asked me to continue reading and when I finished reading she was crying in tears in her eyes and I comforted by listening to her story and I can understand how she must love her aunty very much.  Her aunty brought her since her parents died. Then she said she just wanted to share this with me. I said it is fine and I hugged her as she was in tears. I told her she must go to her bereavement counselling and she said the people from church help her. I have spent enough time listening to her story then eventually she told that she felt very happy I came to see her and she was worried about this interview and would have cancelled as she was not ready. Eventually I carried out the UCFS ID checks I rang ucfs and highlighted that she is going through bereavement and asked them if they need futher information even though she is receiving ESA and PIP. There is someone from Spike from supporting worker coming to see her this evening. As I was leaving the house she gave me bookmark with god’s wording  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1836-customers-story
TWINS TRADING BIRTHDAY PRESENTS TO SAVE LIVES OF YOUTH ADDICTED TO VAPING $In memory of our 17 year old Instagram friend who died due to VAPING and 16 year old best friend who collapsed due to VAPING on her SWEET 16 Birthday, we traded our 17th year old birthday presents to save lives of youth due to vaping.  We asked all our family and friends to donate to our favourite charity St Jude Children's Hospital as our BIRTHDAY GIFT through our INSTAGRAM ACCOUNT  @wings_ofhope.  We raised $2,50,000/- for this cause. "Of all the years, of our birthday celebration we felt that this was the best way to celebrate our Birthday - FOR A WORTHY CAUSE BIGGER THAN OURSELVES”. We also have started WINGS OF HOPE a youth led organisation to help youth around the globe addicted to VAPING wherein they write anonymously a SECRET LETTER and share the trauma they are facing. Till date we have helped 1,00,00 youth from USA, India, Pakistan, Nigeria, Mexico, Columbia, Chile. Due to magnitude of our actions, we have created a huge impact is saving lives of youth from around the world.  Submitted By: Renee Mendonca Rhea Mendonca $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1835-twins-trading-birthday-presents-to
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Brave$I starting volunteering in a church shelters and i was very kind to the people who needed us the most when they had no one else and it felt so good to see the smile in they eyes priceless moments  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1834-brave
Brave$I starting volunteering in a church shelters and i was very kind to the people who needed us the most when they had no one else and it felt so good to see the smile in they eyes priceless moments  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1833-brave
Unconditional Selfless Love$I have a fear of death or thanatophobia. Being hospitalized or the mere fact that I am lying in a hospital bed, have myself confined on a dextrose  and to undergo a surgery is one of my greatest fears in life which I successfully overcome and survived this week. It's truly a nightmare  to undergo under the knife and open any parts of my body. I have a giant lipoma in my right arm about 2 kilos of fatty tissues and I've kept it for the past 4 years since 2015. I underwent physical -emotional-mental-spiritual healing and transformation. It was a long, rigorous process to ready myself from inside out and to have a total surrender to God. All my fears were gone when I have my sister Irene beside me during the 3 day confinement in the hospital watching over me and taking care of me together with her partner, Decsan. They were my support and someone who holds my back. They were my strength when both of my arms can't be of use, my left arm has a dextrose and had wounds for the lab test and my right arm has the operation. My dearest BFF Kawi together with Alain were my driver, runner, treasurer, secretary, helper, auditor and production assistant both rain and shine. They make my situation easy and comfortable for me. They were my watcher during my almost 6 hours MRI  (Magnetic Resonance Imaging) experience as if I was placed inside the coffin until midnight, leaving their families behind. They were there for doctors appointments and hospital visits.  THANK YOU for the help, for the kindness and for the unconditional selfless love  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1832-unconditional-selfless-love
The Kindness of a Stranger $Earlier this week I was at an eye doctor appointment for a second opinion about several diagnoses expected to result in my blindness. I just turned 30. In the waiting room a gentleman began to talk with me. I’m a very private person and was somewhat reluctant to engage in the conversation, but ended up telling him why I was there. This complete stranger expressed more sympathy than nearly every person that I am close to. After a minute he got up and walked over to hand me something. Expecting a prayer card or religious token of some kind, I reached out. Cash. And not exactly a small amount. I was shocked and tried to decline his generous offer, to which he replied “If you get some good news today go celebrate with a nice dinner, if it’s bad news go get yourself a drink”. At this point I was speechless and am afraid I didn’t make a very gracious act of accepting his generosity. I’m still waiting to hear back from the doctor, but the prognosis is not good. I would have needed that drink, but a good meal and the kindness of a stranger has gotten me through. Thank you sir, you really are too kind. What you gave me that day was so much more than money. I not only appreciate it greatly, but promise to pay it forward.  Best wishes to anyone out there who is struggling, and a big thank you to all those who engage in random acts of kindness.  Amber Springfield, MO $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1830-the-kindness-of-a-stranger
Strength and courage from Jaiden$I ran across this story of a 14 yr old boy, Jaiden Rogers who is suffering from a very rare  disease called Stiff Skin Syndrome.  I have been blessed by all his strength, determination and courage by what he is going through. He is an inspiration to those of us suffering with a disease and to many others.  Stiff Skin Syndrome is a very rare disease where his body is turning to stone.  There have only been 41 cases of this disease and Jaidens is the only active case that the Dr.s are aware of.  There have been so many wonderful people who have supported Jaiden.  His parents, Tim and Natalie Rogers think the world of Jaiden and are desperately trying to raise money to get him to Europe for a stem cell treatment or he will die.  They have run out of options in the U.S.  His parents have set up a go fund me page to try and raise the money. Gofundme.com/treatmentforjaiden.  They have been blessed by so many people supporting them and are forever grateful but more support is needed. If anyone would read his story and help support him like he and his family have opened the eyes of myself and many others to how we in this world are to show little acts of kindness.  That is what life is all about! Thank you Jaiden! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1826-strength-and-courage-from-jaiden
"Kindness Starts With One" (including One pet!)$"Kindness Starts With One - One smile.  One hug.  One cup of coffee.  One person..."  And One pet! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1825-kindness-starts-with-one-including
Foster Mom Making a difference$Just wanted to introduce myself & would love to share my story with you. I am the mother of six, three adopted through Foster Care.  I found when taking these children in there were no books for them to relate to... So I found a talented illustrator who was in Foster Care herself- and wrote & self published with the funds I have received from taking care of Foster Children. I have been a guest on ABC, FOX, CBS, Katie Couric’s Wake-Up Call, Upworthy, A Plus, Brut America and The Ellen Show One Million Acts of Good Show as well as several magazines, radio & newspapers. It’s a great story and has touched so many!  Thank you for taking a moment to watch my story. Keri Vellis https://youtu.be/mjginPEkax4 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1824-foster-mom-making-a-difference
My mum$This is a simple story of learning to be kind. There were no gramd gestures, no paying for someone else's groceries or a ticket for the bus - we were barely getting by ourselves. But my mother taught me every day in simple ways that everyone deserves respect, empathy and kindness. Regardless of race, or class, or gender, or sexual orientation, or physical or mental ability. She taught me that you enter the world open-hearted; to meet people without judgement and help where you can, in whatever way you can. She taught me we are all part of a whole that functions better if we're all just nice to each other. I take this with me every day. She is my conscious and for that I'm eternally grateful.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1823-my-mum
Helping Those in Need$My friend and I started this kind gesture 3 years ago. Where'd we save up our McDonald's coffee tabs, and Tim Hortons Roll Up The Rim winnings, and we give them to the homeless. This tradition normally takes place around the cold month and as we roam the streets, we give each one homeless individual that we come across our McDonald's coffee tab. Throughout the year each one of us would save approx. 10 full cards, or more, which both of us would total to 30 combined, depending on how much coffee we drink within the year.  With his passing last year, I have continued on this tradition each year.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1822-helping-those-in-need
If This Was You, Thank You!$My brother was a patient at MD Anderson Cancer Center, suffering from the brutal effects of leukemia relapse. He asked me for one of those heated vibrators to soothe the pain in his muscles. I looked at the big stores first, without success. Then I started checking every drugstore I could find. All the clerks said the same thing: "Come back before Christmas or Mothers Day. That's when we stock the item." I couldn't bring myself to say the truth out loud... that Christmas would be too late for my brother. It was October now, and I knew he wouldn't be here in December. I don't know how many stores I had tried (at least eight or nine) when a clerk took a few minutes to look for one, and I was able to buy it and take its comfort to my brother. I was so moved that I couldn't even tell her just how much this small act of kindness meant to me. I had been to so many stores that I don't know which one it was, so I can't thank her in person. I wish I could let her know that five years later, I still thank the Lord for her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1821-if-this-was-you-thank
My kind daughter $My daughter always stops and either buys a meal or brings gifts of necessities to the homeless on the street. She once gave $50 to a family that was stranded without gas to get home. I’m so proud of her! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1820-my-kind-daughter
Going forward after a tragedy.$My name is jewels walter & after tragedy that left me with a club foot my youngest son & family took me out 2red robbins 4 dinner. I was not able 2 take my wheelchair so i was given the most terrible task of the day, walking n the  Resgrant using a walking stick. & my son  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1819-going-forward-after-a-tragedy
Light in a dark place$Hello I am writing in  asking for help for my family this time,we our a family of five ,I started have a bake sale in my community to make ends meet, however I soon realized that the children were in need of love and hugs and something sweet ,so I give sweet treats to all the kids in my community that are doing good in school every Friday afternoon they would line up with a big smile, Today we are facing a hardship school shopping I can't afford it but i do believe that all things are possible through God ,if u can help us this time around I promise to pay it forward ,my kids are in need of some school shopping,we have cash app $allthingsgwen,  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1810-light-in-a-dark-place
11 year old in El Paso reaches out for kind acts by all$This is not my story but one of a young boy in Texas in the aftermath of the shooting in El Paso.  Here's the link.  When you read a story like this, you remember that there is always hope. https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/el-paso-challenge-an-11-year-old-started-a-campaign-to-help-his-community-heal/ar-AAFq0iz?ocid=spartandhp $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1809-11-year-old-in-el
Angel of Kindness $https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10156627311103022&id=637053021 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1808-angel-of-kindness
Driving Downtown on a Friday evening$I'm a delivery driver, I went into town to pick up an order, the street pavement was uneven due to the city repairing ( warning sign was placed, Be careful driving dangerous) I followed traffic down that street, it was a rough drive! I could hear my tire going flat, I made it around the corner. People, of course, were staring, I was embarrassed and pissed. A gentleman was walking past, he informed me what I already knew! Flat tire! I told him" I know! Thank you! I expected him to continue on his way. Instead, he walked over to my car, asked me " Do you know how to change a flat tire? I replied,  No! Did I ask him? Do you? He smiled and said, Yes! He told my young daughter to help him unload trunk to get to the spare tire, I didn't realize I had a jack, etc under spare tire! He knew that! He told me to pull over to a safe place, so he could change tire. I pulled into a parking lot, the young attendant assisted him changing my tire, he even told my young daughter to help, so if she ever ended up in a similar situation, she would know what to do.  What I learned, is that Angels walk among us everyday😇😇😇😇 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1807-driving-downtown-on-a-friday
Kings Care Foundation Donation - Sean & Tracy Wirch$I met Sean and Tracy Wirch at the 2019 NHL Draft party where over 700 LA Kings Season Ticket Members, players, and fans watched and celebrated at Grand Central Market.  I was working at the Kings Care Foundation booth and Tracy walked up wanting to make a donation. Handing her the handheld device, I watched as she input a generous monetary amount and clicked submit. The first thing she told me was that she believes in "Paying it Forward" and had an after-school club dedicated to this principle.  After she introduced me to the Random Acts of Kindness page, I have been trying to implement random acts of kindness into my daily life. Thank you Tracy and Sean for your random act of kindness to the Kings Care Foundation! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1806-kings-care-foundation-donation
Acts of Kindness Changed My World: My Life with Autism$     It is amazing that every act we take will ultimately affect other people around us, and this proves the significant effects in changing other people’s behaviors through imitation (copying a particular behavior we observe). When we give to others, we are taking consideration for other people’s desires and needs rather than our own. There are actually many benefits in giving, and this has proven for physical, mental, and emotional relief. As someone with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD), the world can seem to be a confusing and cruel place. Having ASD shows the difficulty in properly socializing with other people and making and maintaining relationships. I have been judged and criticized for something beyond my control, and being excluded from social interactions by many children was painful enough to know that I was not wanted. However, one act of kindness from someone without them knowing about my disorder can go a long way and make me better as a person. Throughout my life, I have learned a few concepts on how important giving really is. First, people who give more to others are genuinely happier than those who do not. Giving is not just materialistic. It is the emotional support and motivation to keep on being the person that I am, and being given emotional support shows more lasting effects. Thinking about others has a longer effect in staying joyful with your life, and nothing is as satisfying as giving to people who need it most. When I saw those who did nice things for me and started imitating them, it reinforced me to keep on doing nice things for others, even if they may acknowledge that or not.  Also, giving to others makes you “feel-good [and] do-good,” and helping everyone around us is truly satisfying. I see that every person wants nice things to be done to them, and this is especially true for me with the encouragement that I need to keep living my life with autism. Every day, we all go through personal battles and struggles that having the right motivation from people is virtual for our personal growth.        Feeling good in doing good for others also shows that you have concerns for them and puts you in a more peaceful state. I currently volunteer in a local public school assisting a special education teacher with students with autism. Having to help someone learn more about autism through my own experience is one of the best things I have done to help those who are in need of assistance, no matter how great or small. Volunteering there truly has opened new discoveries and inspirations.  As of now, I can never stop giving back to people, even to those who don't do anything for me.  The way that I can see how people treat others really speaks louder than any words they express, and this is something that I am willing to hold onto. There is nothing that people can do to take away the fact that still doing good for others without it being reciprocated to us is actually the strongest trait a person can have. We all need to remember that the way we respond and approach those situations can do so much more than what we ought to think. Responding with respect and positivity flourishes our character and strengthens our potentials. Giving your life to help someone else is truly the highest act of kindness anyone can show, and I am speaking that through the experiences I have and the choices I made. We do not have to necessarily give much to lend a hand, but it just needs an open mind and heart. Becoming empathetic helps us think deeper about the world we live in and what people go through in their daily basis. Giving will simply make a big difference in the world that is desperately in need of help. *Inspired from the blog "The Benefits in Giving to Others" in my website What A Beautiful Real Life  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1805-acts-of-kindness-changed-my
Two Blind People Save A Child's Life$Robert F. Smith, totally blind, a few years ago started on a quest to do acts of kindness.  He didn't have a clue where his footsteps would take him.  One of his journey's was to walk from Long Beach, California to Las Vegas.  He accomplished the task, and while he was walking he raised funds for a child who needed a service dog.  (Mission Accomplished) He also passed out over 500 sock puppets to children who were very ill, libraries, and schools.  In addition, he passed out flags and did free concerts for our Veterans.   After this quest of travelin 1,466,022 steps in one month, Robert decided to reach out to other blind people to engage them in acts of kindness.  He met Jennefer Bautista, who was also totally blind, and she lived in the Philippines.  Her dream was to help a local orphanage.  Robert & Jennefer started to work on this immediately, however things changed as they found out about a teen (14) who was abandoned at the age of two, suffered severe ear infections, and it left her partially deaf.  In addition, Sophia had now been diagnosed with a very severe heart condition, and unless it was fixed she did not have much time to live.  Robert and Jennefer, started working together and Robert even started a Go Fund Me Page as well as he started raising funds on Facebook.  Seven days later, they had accomplished some amazing things.  They got of Dr. Judah Gozar, and he arranged for a $40,000.00 surgery to be done for $2,500.00 .   Robert & Jennefer went to work on this and 9 days later a successful surgery was accomplished.   This is only the beginning though, because Jennefer & Robert are now planning on assisting other children with Dr. Judah Gozar.  They have also set up a puppet team, which eventually will be training other children in the orphanages, to do shows of thier own to help others.   Here is a video of Sophia's Success.  https://youtu.be/Fcd2f9EpLQ4 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1804-two-blind-people-save-a
My teacher$The one person that has made me become a better person and has helped me extremely ismy teacher Ms.Williss and she has made me become a better person by turning me from shy and quiet to outgoing ,from being passive to assertive,not wanting to learn and go to school,to wanting to learnand go to school Ms.Williss is one of the main teachers who have helped bring our class and even school together and not as just friends but family. Because of this I feel more comfortable sharing my piece and ask questions, to even become more honest.I love Ms.Williss and she has defenatly made me change my whole attitude about school and learning. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1799-my-teacher
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Writing Kindness$My one is my 13-year-old son, Gabe. Gabe is spreading kindness, compassion, and acceptance through a children's book he wrote and illustrated about a boy who has Autism and his struggle to make a new friend at school. Gabe was inspired to write this book from his volunteer experience working in a theater program with individuals who have special needs. Gabe donated all the proceeds from the sales of the book to a local non-profit benefiting families who have children with special needs. The books are being used in classrooms as teaching tools for special education teachers and many parents are reading them to their kids. Gabe's book has really made a difference. Gabe continues to spread kindness at school where he and three friends started a kindness club. With the principal's support, they are doing acts of kindness and empowering and inspiring other teens to do good in their communities. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1798-writing-kindness
Dreams United$Dr. Timothy Williams owns a pediatric office in Florida, but what many people do not know is that he runs a nonprofit organization called Dreams United. This man had a dream of opening an orphanage in Africa and believed that God was directing him to do so. As a result, in 2016, he took his first team to Tanzania and Dreams United was established. Along with some local churches, he has been able to expand and enlarge the existing orphanage and will soon be able to house 14 children. Many things have transformed since that first trip in 2016. After learning that many students at the local Bible College didn't have Bibles, he felt compelled to put Swahili Bibles into the hands of each student. He has since purchased property and planted a church which has already reached capacity and is ready for expansion. Dreams United has purchased land and hopes to dig a well and be able to farm to help the local people. The organization has also helped young girls that have been sold into sex slavery enter into school. Just this past year Dreams United has branched out into Vietnam. This local organization has grown all because this man had a dream. He's such a humble person with a heart of gold. Watching him pour so much of himself both in time and money to help these kids that have no hope is incredibly humbling. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1794-dreams-united
Driving with Kindness$When I was in elementary school, we were quite poor. The school offered free lunch but when the teacher called your name to collect lunch money, you had to call out, "free lunch!" I was too embarrassed to call the phrase out, so I would just skip lunch. My bus driver told me he needed help opening the doors when kids got on the bus in the mornings and asked if I could help. I also had to walk the aisle of the bus and make sure everyone was off, which meant I was the last one off the bus. Every morning, he slipped me a quarter before I got off the bus for helping him. Because of his concern, I had lunch every day and the other kids didn't know. We became great friends and he became the closest thing to a father I ever had. He took me to church with his family and also paid for me to go to 4-H camp two summers in a row, among other things. We moved when I was in eighth grade and that was the last time I saw him. My children know of him and so will my grandchildren. I'm still brought to tears when I think about him. Love is the greatest gift! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1793-driving-with-kindness
Nurses Playing Cards of Love $In December we found out that Mom’s cancer had progressed to the point that doctors started talking in terms of months for her to live. Our daughter was scheduled to be married in 2020, but with this crushing news, we worked hard against the ever-ticking clock of cancer to be sure her Mom-Mom would be in attendance on her big day. The date was moved to May 5, 2019, and Mom was part of every plan. She was feeling well enough and the excitement of the wedding kept her focus hopeful and happy. Then, three days before the wedding, everything changed. Mom became very ill and was admitted to the hospital in very bad health. I was completely devastated that the wedding would have to go on without her. We had raced the clock and lost. I asked the nurses if it would be possible, right after the ceremony, for us to come and surprise mom with a mock ceremony in her room. My plan was just my daughter and her new husband, my husband and I, and our pastor. But, these AMAZING nurses weren’t having any of that! They wanted a wedding! They wanted the entire bridal party to come and an entire wedding to take place. My mother’s best friend sat with her during the official ceremony and watched with her via FaceTime. All the while, the nurses hatched a secret plan! They decorated, got a cake, set up a “chapel of love” in the ICU and my mother had no clue! We arrived and the entire floor was all abuzz!! Here we all are in our wedding attire with Mom still not knowing what was about to happen. What followed was one of the most beautiful, touching moments I know I’ll ever experience. We had a wedding in an ICU room. The nurses had all of the machinery hidden, a beautiful cake hidden, and they lined the halls crying. Oh, these nurses played cards, alright! Cards of love, compassion, thoughtfulness, and the heart of God. I have questioned God's timing through all of this, having faith He would reveal to me His plan. Wow!! Yesterday could have been an ordinary wedding where a beautiful bride and handsome groom were celebrated in a very normal way. But God! He was magnified, He was glorified and through His timing, more love was witnessed and shared than I’ve ever experienced. None of this is in any of these women’s job descriptions; I’m positive wedding planning isn’t part of nursing school, but the love they showed my mother and my family will never be forgotten. I pray this goes viral and that the entire world sees what love I felt yesterday in that little ICU room. Words can’t begin to express my grateful heart. You all will forever be family. Thank you from the very bottom of a heart you took from shattered to whole in one huge act of kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1792-nurses-playing-cards-of-love
Surprise Gifting$My live-in boyfriend and I had an unexpected dog expense between paychecks and had just broken into our piggy bank to get $7 into our gas tank. When we pulled up to the pump we noticed a note in a baggy which read, "Help yourself to $25 worth of gas on me!" with a Random Acts of Kindness card included. We were SO grateful and are now deciding how to pay it forward as soon as we can, along with reusing the RAK card. What a wonderful day in SLC, UT! YES! Pass it on! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1789-surprise-gifting
Helping A Teammate$Today during the Special Olympics wheelchair race, Camron won the race in 11 seconds, which is an amazing time! After he won the race he realized one of his teammates was struggling to complete the race.  Camron came back and helped his teammate finish the race by pushing the boy's wheelchair one-handed and wheeling his own wheelchair with the other hand. Now that is a true teammate! My heart melted with so much pride. Anyone who has met Camron knows he has a heart of gold. But there is a sad part to this story; the teammate has been eliminated from the Arkansas state competition coming up in May because he received help to finish the race. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1788-helping-a-teammate
Free Hugs Given Here!$I started giving out free hugs about 4-5 years ago at a university, a park, and other locations. As time has gone by, many students and people have spoken appreciation for this simple act. They have told me that my hugs made a difference to them and helped them feel better. Some have even said that mine is the best hug they have ever received! It brings me joy when I'm following my passion and purpose of giving out free hugs. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1787-free-hugs-given-here
Coffee For Two$My husband and I ordered coffee from a local drive-thru. When we went to pay, the girl at the window told us our coffee had been paid for! When she realized we were puzzled, she told us that the car in front paid for our order as a random act of kindness. We were totally blown away and it truly made our day!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1769-coffee-for-two
Gold-Hearted Wonder Woman$Antoinette is one of the most hardworking and compassionate women that I am privileged to know. She juggles various jobs as the manager of a drop-in center on a daily basis. Her personality is contagious and she is a breath of fresh air for anybody visiting the drop-in center. We appreciate her years of sacrifice, dedication, and love for Kingsway family. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1768-gold-hearted-wonder-woman
A BBQ Chicken Rescue$A few years ago when my kids were younger, we stopped at a local barbecue chicken place to buy some dinner. The kids were tired and grumpy.  My youngest was adamant that she did NOT want chicken for dinner and fully refused to get out of the car. A man walked up and asked if I’d like a chicken he had just bought. He explained that his friend owned the shop and he had stopped to say hi but felt weird not buying something. He already had dinner plans. I gratefully accepted! This RAK made me feel happy for days! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1767-a-bbq-chicken-rescue
Monthly Emergencies$So if you are a woman, and have ever had an unexpected visitor. You know how stressful it is when you find yourself without a tampon or pad. I started this at work because I know what it feels like to be in that situation. You also never know what someone's home life is like and how that affects them. This is only in one bathroom right now, but I plan on adding more. It's been there for a few months, and I'm not the only one filling it anymore :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1766-monthly-emergencies
Sticking Kindness Around$I was spending some time with a friend on a day out and we went to the restroom. She went straight in and didn't see the sticky note on the mirror that said, "You are a beautiful blessing to the world," and simply signed with a heart. When she came out, I pointed it out to her and we both discussed how happy and special it made us feel. I assume countless people speak negatively about their own appearance in that mirror; I know I certainly have. Seeing this note not only made our day, but it also inspired us to do the same. She ripped up a small bit of paper and we took out some pens and set to work. We made notes with messages like, "You are loved," and, "Things will always get better," and left them in numerous places. We plan to do more in the future to bring a little sunshine to anyone's day. Please share this story and do all you can to spread kindness in small ways such as this. Keep smiling everyone! :-) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1765-sticking-kindness-around
Loved Like a Sister$My best friend is like a sister to me. She has never given up on me, even when I make mistakes. She's the most amazing friend anyone could hope for. I'm really sad that she's switching schools for fifth grade. We probably won't go to school again together, but at least we can still go to each other's houses. What's funny is since I've been her best friend for five years now, our sisters are now also best friends! I don't know where I would be without her right now. I will always need somebody in my life who is my best friend and a goofball.❤️👯 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1763-loved-like-a-sister
Traveling Helpers$My story of kindness may be small, but it is important to me. Can you imagine that you are alone? Your friends, teachers, colleagues and especially family have disappeared. I can’t.  Last weekend I came to understand again that my family is a very important thing in our lives. My uncle invited all our family for his birthday.  I was really pleased to gather together for the first time in quite a while! But while we were driving to the gathering, our car broke down and it was quite difficult to deal with. Fortunately, father’s friends helped us. It is a miracle that they responded and took us to another car. They are my heroes. It is exciting to feel support and a helping hand from other people. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1762-traveling-helpers
Warming Up$Submitted by Karen Golic Our Facility Manager comes in earlier than the rest of us every day. He always goes into my office and turns my heater on. Although this might seem like a small thing, it is huge to me. Northeast Ohio is cold in the winter and our venue is a hundred-year-old building which is very cold. We keep the heat down until there is an event. The box office is very functional for people receiving their tickets, but with my desk residing in the box office, there is a draft from the pass-through window. When I come into work my office has already started to warm up because of one nice gesture that Kevin does every morning. I am so thankful we have him. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1761-warming-up
Christmas Angels $Submitted by Sandra Lucero  During Christmas, a few years back, my son and daughter-in-law were experiencing quite a hardship. A few of my fellow employees were aware and two of the kindest women in our office gave me a Nintendo Wii game console to give to my 4 grandsons for the holiday! I gave it to my daughter-in-law to surprise the little ones and she cried tears of joy. It is something we will never forget; it was a simple act of kindness that made our holiday season! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1760-christmas-angels
I Had My Cake and Ate It, Too$Submitted by Steven Kaskalla On my birthday in 2018, I came into the office to work like any other day. I don't make anything special of my birthday normally, but that year Chloe and a few of my other coworkers surprised me on what was a normal Friday. The cake and card from everyone were great, as was the lunch afterward. It wasn't anything grandiose or spectacular, but that's what it needed to be and what I needed at the time. My coworkers, but Chloe especially, exemplified what a random act of kindness can be and what an impact it can have on someone. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1759-i-had-my-cake-and
Notes of Kindness $One day when I got into class, I went up to my teacher and asked if I could do a random act of kindness. She said yes and I went and got a piece of paper and wrote down a letter to leave in a library book. I also wrote a letter to someone and I gave it to the person directly.  They read it and liked it! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1757-notes-of-kindness
Choose Kindness$(This story was written by a student at our school for our Random Acts of Kindness week.) "I am sensitive and helpful, but sometimes I can be not so attentive to everything. For instance, I don’t notice that I perform kind acts for my friends, relatives, and even strangers. However, I realize that I share kindness everywhere when people need it. What is my secret? I don’t make my actions public. My kindness is in the details; I do small things for everyone. If I use a coffee mug in cafes, I wash it when I'm done. If I see a stranger needs coins for the cashier, I give them to him. If I hear some doors in my school are squeaking, I oil them. You would reply: “Many people use this method. Why do you think it’s very unique?” Yes, I agree. This a method of acting kindly that millions of people use. You may not realize it, but little by little you begin to change your mindset to looking to help others more often. Look at family, friends, and citizens in your city. Someone directly wants or needs the help of others. Then make a choice to help the person or not." $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1756-choose-kindness
Busmate to the Rescue$One day I had to visit my grandma and I took the bus. I only had one large banknote to pay my bus fare, but the driver didn’t have change. He sent me to the beer shop, but I refused to go there because a lot of drunk men were outside. I didn’t want to leave the bus without paying. Fortunately, there was a woman who was very caring and paid for me. I was so thankful and felt really cared for. Now I know I will definitely pay for someone who needs it in the future. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1755-busmate-to-the-rescue
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
A Homeless Dog$I live among my close people. They support and help me in my daily life. I try to do my best to make their life better. On Saturday l helped my mom clean our cozy home. I watered flowers, mopped the floor, and washed the dishes. I also went shopping. I helped my dad walk the dog. In more serious affairs, I brought some food to а homeless dog and spent time with him for a while. The best thing was to see their happy eyes. I still remember that. I will keep helping them. It inspires me a lot. And I'm very happy to be able to make their life a little bit better. (Kate Moroz is the author of this story - she wanted to share it with you for the Random Acts of Kindness Week.) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1754-a-homeless-dog
St. Valentine's Day$"There was a time when I liked to celebrate St. Valentine’s Day because we spent time at school together, exchanged Valentine cards, and chose the school male and female Valentine. But from year to year, this day was becoming more unpleasant and dull. I thought that the holiday this year wouldn’t be an exception. But I was wrong. When I came to school, one boy gave me a bunch of yellow tulips with a bar of chocolate inside. I was so impressed and transfixed. This situation made my day better, brighter and more pleasant. ❤️" (This story was written by Nastya Artyukh, a 10th-grade student, for Random Acts of Kindness Week.) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1753-st-valentines-day
A Blind Dog$(This story was written to the Random Acts of Kindness Day by one of my pupils, Andrew.) "As for me, kindness is an integral part of our life. It fills our lives with warmth, joy, and other positive feelings. Therefore, we have to be kind to each other and share our kindness stories. I would like to share my story with you. Once, my brother and I were riding bikes when we suddenly noticed a dog falling into a pit. It could not get out of there, so we decided to help. First of all, we called up a few emergency services. But they all answered that they were not able to help us. Then we started trying to pull the dog on our own. The first time it failed, because I could not get into the pit to reach the dog. Then my brother started to do this. He was smaller than me, so he managed to climb to the pit and raise the dog as high as he could. Then I took the dog and pulled it to the surface, and then pulled out my brother from the pit. It turned out that the dog was blind, and therefore, probably, did not notice the pit and fell. We took it to a safe place and went home. We were happy to help the dog." $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1752-a-blind-dog
Nerves Calmed$Submitted by Sharon Lynn Gill-Dean In December of 2013, AEG took over Management of LACC. I had been working part-time there for the last 6 years and was hoping to get a full-time position with AEG. As I was walking to my interview, Denise Bell, one of the Event Managers that came from LACC/City and crossed over to AEG, was walking my way. If you have never walked to the 300 meeting rooms, its a long walk. To make matters worse there was no one in the hallways and I was a nervous wreck. Then I saw Denise; she took one look at me and started praying. She told God how I would be a gift to AEG and I was born for the front desk. My nerves came down, my heart stopped racing, and I knocked the interview out the park. I will never in my lifetime forget that day. Kindness showed up and showed out!!! Denise Bell is forever my friend. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1751-nerves-calmed
Hold the Ham$I was grabbing breakfast in the cafeteria when I saw that one of the stations had breakfast burritos! So, I stopped to read what was in them. I saw that the burritos had ham, which I can't eat, so I started to walk away. But before I could take two steps, the cafeteria worker behind the booth asked if there was something I couldn't eat in them. I said I couldn't have the ham, but I would just get something else. He then proceeded to change gloves and make me a burrito with no ham. I talked to him while he was making it and learned that he was a part-time culinary student at my school and had dreams of opening "Walter's Bistro," an upscale southern comfort restaurant. With his determination, humor, and kind spirit, I'd be surprised if he didn't succeed. Thanks, Walter, for making my day! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1750-hold-the-ham
K-State$Submitted by Nicholas Patterson Rodney Wagner, the Maintenance Director at Sprint Center, once told me congratulations after a K-State basketball victory. He's a KU fan. I know that was hard for him. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1749-k-state
Helping a Teacher$At the grocery store, I was getting into the check out line. At the same time, getting into the same line, was a middle school teacher. Asking how her school year was going she replied, "Oh you haven't heard; the school where I taught shutdown". To help her out during her unemployment I paid for her groceries and started working on connecting her with a good friend of mine that knows the school system well and can lead her to a great school. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1748-helping-a-teacher
Slow Runner$Submitted by Kristen Nozaki Last year, I was continuing to run with a group of Employee Services colleagues to train for some upcoming races, but I found it increasingly difficult to keep up with the group as my pregnancy was progressing. I was a little embarrassed about it, but Ken Johnson and Jaime Sanchez always run a little bit slower to make sure that I was never by myself for both safety and morale reasons. The two of them would even take breaks and walk whenever I had to catch a breath to make sure I was never left behind. They never mentioned how slow I was running nor how they were staying behind for my benefit; they made it seem like it was business as usual. They did this every time I would go running with them and even though it was a "small" thing to do, it made me feel supported as a person and as a mother to be. Even my husband felt comfortable with me running after work knowing that my two colleagues were by always by my side. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1747-slow-runner
One Little Dog$It all started with the SPCA commercials. Those dogs just broke my heart and I just wanted to save them all. I had known since I was little that I wanted to work with animals, so I started talking to my mom about volunteering at the Spokane Humane Society. Then Ranger wagged his way into my life. He was an underweight dachshund with a snaggle tooth, a red nose, and golden eyes. At first, he was afraid. He had been rescued from a puppy mill and had spent the first four years of his life in a cage. Honestly, he didn't even know how to be a dog. He didn't play with toys and didn't know what to do when I would pet him. Then he licked me for the first time. I started playing with him and found he would tear the stuffing out of any dog toy. He loved to run after tennis balls. Unfortunately, he had to go live with our Uncle. But Ranger, with his snaggle-toothed grin, taught me that all it took to be kind was to take care of an animal in need. I am a current volunteer at the Spokane Humane Society, and I am so glad I am doing it! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1746-one-little-dog
Peanut Butter Chocolate Surprise$Submitted by Nicholas Patterson This was no ordinary day. Heaven's no. It was a day that held very special meaning in the heart of Sherry Jackson, Sprint Center's Executive Office Manager. January 24th is National Peanut Butter Day.  On this day, Sherry had tasked me with a standard photo shoot of our newest employees. Their photos would be used in the staff directory, so the photoshoot was anything but elaborate: a standard three-point lighting, a white backdrop, and one quick click of a button was all it took to complete the task. After lunch, I had returned to the photo shoot room, only to find a dozen Reese's Peanut Butter Cups scattered across the table, all with the name "Nick" written on the wrapper. In honor of National Peanut Butter Day, Miss Sherry Jackson had taken the time to buy and label all the Reese's as thanks for a task that was simple and easy. Miss Jackson continuously goes out of her way to spread cheer, fun, and a contagious smile throughout the building. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1745-peanut-butter-chocolate-surprise
'Tis the Season$Submitted by Ron Anderson During Christmas week 2015, Earl Kiper, Maintenance Engineering Manager at KFC Yum Center, showed his undeniable Act(s) of Kindness to all of the engineering team. Earl was kind enough to give all six of his team members a Christmas Card with a fifty dollar bill inside. Christmas week the following year (2016), Earl gave his engineering team a Christmas Card with a twenty dollar bill inside. Personally, I can't think of anyone who does not appreciate money at Christmas! After all, that's what we all are working for our families. AEG, Earl Kiper's Act of Kindness inspired all of us! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1744-tis-the-season
Office Buddy For The Win!$Submitted by Natalie Matsumoto I tend to work through lunch (bad habit) in my office and if it is a busy week, I forget to bring lunch and end up eating Cheetos from our vending machine (another bad habit). On a particular day last month, I had looked up from my desk to find it was 3 pm and I still hadn't made time to eat lunch. My office buddy, Richard Gutierrez, noticed I was running low on fumes and knew I hadn't had lunch. He happened to have some lunch packed for the day that he didn't eat and proactively offered it to me. Not only was it homemade (woo, no vending machine or Starbucks grab n' go food), it was enough food for a snack that afternoon and to bring home for dinner. After a long day, it truly just brought a smile to me knowing I had a co-worker who genuinely cared about my well-being and was generous enough to give up his lunch that he could have saved for himself the next day. Small acts really make a big difference. It was a reminder of how lucky I am to work alongside people I consider more than co-workers, but friends! I had to share this story as he got nothing in return but still decided to do something kind for me! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1742-office-buddy-for-the-win
Passport Found$Submitted by Shaynee Gordy A few years ago at Desert Trip, one of my staff members brought in a small pile of papers and a Chinese passport to the office. He said that a security guard found it on the ground by a trash can and looked like it was important. I started going through the papers and it was a flight stub from Hong Kong to LAX with a woman's passport. On the last day of the festival, one of my staff members and I spent the better part of the afternoon online trying to find this woman. It was difficult because most of her documents were in Chinese. I called a friend of mine that reads Chinese and we were able to get her first name in English and then eventually found her Facebook profile. I sent her a private message on Facebook and hoped for the best. I was bummed by the end of the show because I had not heard back from her. I also had contacted lost and found to let them know that if she showed up I had her documents. On the Monday after the show, I received a random phone call early in the morning and it was the owner of the found passport calling from Desert Hot Springs. She was about to go to the Chinese Consulate in Los Angeles when she saw my message. I gave her my address in La Quinta and she came by and picked up her passport. She burst into tears and kept hugging me; she said she would have lost her job if she had been stuck in California. She was so grateful for my kindness. I felt bad that she had lost such an important document and was so glad to get it back to her. She also told me that the trip was a surprise for her from her fiancé who had proposed to her during the visit! It turns out her backpack was on the back of her chair and someone unzipped it and stole all of her stuff. It was simply random luck that her passport ended up backstage near a trashcan! Along with the help of some good friends, we were able to get her documents back to her so she could get home to Hong Kong. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1741-passport-found
Appendix Trouble$After my surgery due to appendicitis, I wasn't allowed to go to my trampoline practice until a doctor said it was okay. I was sad that I couldn't go to practice and I couldn't even sleep in my own bed because my mom was scared I would fall off of the ladder to go up; I have bunk beds and sleep on the top bunk. My team sent me flowers in a yellow pot with a smiley face on it and also gave me a get well balloon and a card that said something along the lines of, " We hope you bounce back soon! - The KMC Trampoline Team". When I got back to trampoline practice, I could finally learn to do a back tuck and finally became a level four! That annoying little appendix couldn't hold me back anymore; now it was easier to learn new skills! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1740-appendix-trouble
Emergency Wedding Officiant $Submitted by Michael Sullivan  With was less than two weeks until my wedding, my dad was in the hospital for emergency heart surgery. It was obviously a traumatic experience and the longest day of my life. Thankfully everything went well and the surgery was a success. Still, the wedding plans that my fiancée and I had made were thrown off course. We had planned to be married in the Red River Gorge in Kentucky. The idea was to take a small hike to a picturesque location where the ceremony would be held. Unfortunately, this was no longer going to be possible; my dad was recovering and couldn't travel in a car other than back and forth to the doctor's office, let alone take a small hike for a wedding. We found ourselves back at square one, trying to plan our wedding with less than two weeks until our intended date. We didn't want to move our date as my wife's family had made their arrangements already and we weren't sure when everyone would be able to be together at the same time again. We ultimately decided to get married at my parent's house so that my dad would be able to be comfortable. Still, finding an officiant at the last minute seemed problematic, and then in stepped my wonderful coworker, Melanie Sims. She knew the stress we were under and took it upon herself to offer her services to marry us. She had married another couple previously, so we knew she was legally able to perform the marriage. She met with us beforehand and helped plan our ceremony. The ceremony was beautiful and Melanie did an amazing job. She even helped us provide a great surprise to our families when she announced the sex of our baby at the end of a Celtic handfasting ceremony (a baby girl!). Melanie is always going out of her way to do small things to brighten people's days. She frequently brings in goodies to work for her coworkers, organizes flowers for those in the hospital, and always gives everyone cards on the holidays. She even is a pretty good last minute wedding officiant if you ever need one! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1739-emergency-wedding-officiant
Helping Hands$Submitted by David Jones While my wife was away on vacation,  I had planned to install new cabinets in our garage as a surprise. The task proved to be far more challenging than I expected. Just as I was about to throw in the towel, a co-worker pulled into my driveway. He was just "in the neighborhood" and stopped by to say hi. With my garage door open he could see the struggle I was inflicting upon myself. He offered to help and together we installed all the cabinets in no time. When I tried to pay him for his help and time, he declined. It was a small act of kindness for him, but it affected me greatly. This act of selfless service came at a time when I needed it most; I have a hard time asking for help, but in this situation I needed it. I am grateful for co-workers who lend a helping hand when least expected. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1738-helping-hands
Leading With Kindness$Submitted by Erandy Soto In January 2018 my grandfather passed away. I received a phone call from my father 30 minutes into my shift and then notified my supervisor, Sergeant Christian Acosta, from LA Live Security. I told him the news I had just received and he immediately found someone to relieve me, letting me go home. I appreciated his urgency, but what was truly an act of kindness was that he reached out to me later that day to make sure I was doing okay. He expressed that if I needed someone to talk to I could reach out to him; he then shared his personal experience when his father passed and tried to relate to my feelings. This made me feel appreciated and cared for by my workplace and created a sense of camaraderie. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1737-leading-with-kindness
Healing in Laughter$Submitted by Brandon Linton I was recently diagnosed with colon cancer over a holiday break. I spent nearly two weeks in the hospital and am currently undergoing chemotherapy sessions and waiting for the next steps. MANY AEG employees have reached out with great kindness. However, John Moore at The Bowery Presents has been relentless in his kindness. John checks in on me at least once a week, but typically multiple times per week, and shares photos from shows he's attending, tells me funny stories, or just chats with me for an hour or so. He's been there for me in many ways. Anyone who's ever gone through something like this can tell you that company in some cases is the best medicine you can have. I look forward to our conversations when they happen and often chuckle out loud during them. John is a great dude. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1736-healing-in-laughter
Every Day Kindness$About 7 years ago, my mom broke her hip and had to go to a skilled nursing facility. I visit the facility every day to take care of her after work. Eventually, this time developed into caring for more than just my mom. I now make it a daily act of love and kindness to stop by each room on my mom's hall and other halls to stop and chat or just wave and speak to each person. Sometimes I leave a little treat or just a simple hug. Sometimes I am the only person that reaches out to some of the folks. I have people say they wait on my daily short visit. This is my act of kindness, not just one special day but every day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1734-every-day-kindness
Unemployed No More$I have a friend who has been out of a job since July. I heard about a job posting and encouraged her to apply for it. Last week she found out she was selected for the position! The grateful message she sent to me was so uplifting. It was a good feeling to help a friend find work at a place I know she will enjoy! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1732-unemployed-no-more
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Cafe Vibes$My friend and I were meeting for a coffee in a large café in the city. It was crazy busy but we managed to find somewhere to sit to begin our catch up. The café got busier and busier. The staff were stuck at the till trying to process the orders. A long queue formed out of the door. The poor staff couldn't leave the till to clear up but were running out of cups. The new girl looked terrified and on the brink of tears trying to cope, clearing the tables and washing up by herself. Whilst a couple of tables were unoccupied, they were full of used cups, leftover food, and napkins. A single mother of two approached, with her two youngsters in a double pram. She was trying to balance her drinks and their lunches but couldn't find space on the overloaded "dirty" table. I looked at the mother and then at my friend who was also wearing a pained expression. She asked, "Shall we?" Having spent many years waitressing, we quickly found where the trays were stored, cleared and cleaned the table for the mother, and returned the full trays to the kitchen. But we just couldn't stop there. As two elderly ladies came in, we identified an unoccupied table for them by the window and cleared that too. Before long we had cleared all of the unoccupied tables and the queue started to die down. Any customers who were leaving started to offer their tables and tidy some of their mess too. It just goes to show, the smallest ripples can begin to make some waves. Never underestimate the difference a small gesture can make. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1731-cafe-vibes
Faith in Humanity: Restored$For as long as I can remember, I've celebrated Random Acts of Kindness, never once anticipating anything in return. So when this happened to us, I was in utter shock. In late 2015, my son and I had fled a situation where we felt unsafe and went into hiding. I had no money to buy food and lived off very little. The first payday I had where I could buy food and necessities I drove to the furthest part of our city to buy these items. My hat on, collar up, and staying to myself, I filled the cart. Standing in line, waiting to pay a woman started to chat with me. I didn't want anything to do with anyone but it seemed I had no choice. Asking me how to prepare an item that was on the belt, just trying her best to talk. I tried my best not to encourage. The cashier engaged me as well, I responded simply. Once the cashier was done, she told me the bill amount. Knowing I could finally provide, I presented them with my debit card. The woman beside me gently nudged me and said, "I've got this." I looked at her stunned and said, "No, I can do this." She told me that something was telling her that I needed help." I cried so hard, hugged her, and asked her what I could do in return. She told me, "Nothing, just pay it forward when you have the opportunity." She had no idea how badly I needed to see an act of kindness, nor how hard I was struggling and how much her simple act meant. I do not know who she was but she restored my faith in humanity at a moment when I least expected it and needed it most. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1730-faith-in-humanity-restored
Free Hugs in NYC $About a month ago I was having a really tough time after a traumatic event in my life. I became overwhelmed and started to cry on the subway train. A stranger next to me saw my struggle and said simply, "It’s going to be okay," while handing me a tissue. That unsolicited gesture changed my day and I felt compelled to do the same for others as often as possible. I’m a hugger and so it seemed fitting to offer hugs to anyone who happened to need them on any given day. At first, I thought I would pop up randomly at different locations but then I just started carrying a “Free Hugs” sign everywhere I went. My heart is so warmed by the genuine gratitude I receive, by the skeptics that end up hugging me anyway, and by the people that say that the moment we shared was the best part of their day. There is no greater way to cultivate love than to give it freely. I brought my children along with me today and now they want to do it with me regularly! My hope is that more and more people are inspired to do the same. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1729-free-hugs-in-nyc
Rastafarian Society Helps Medical Cannabis Patient$Jahmaica Marijuana Assembly donates $10,000 to a medical cannabis patient who is paying it forward to others in need $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1728-rastafarian-society-helps-medical-cannabis
Stuck in Cuba$After an interesting educational music tour of Cuba, my husband and I ended up 'stuck' when winter storms canceled our flight home to Boston. Everyone returning to the Northeast began scrambling to find alternate routes home. We tried to rebook via the internet, but our phone service did not work in Cuba and wifi availability at our hotel was poor. My husband finally found an alternate flight to Florida, but when he got to the payment page, his American credit card was not accepted. American credit and debit cards cannot be processed in Cuba. We had limited cash and could not get a flight to Boston until Wednesday. Our remaining Cuban pesos would not last until then. Stuck in Cuba without money, we did not know what we would do! Luckily, a woman from New York also on the tour with her son managed to FaceTime her daughter in Maryland, who not only found and booked our flight to Tampa, but also paid for our tickets! A friendship that began in Cuba was solidified by a snowstorm. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1727-stuck-in-cuba
Matt's Place$A large number of people, including myself, volunteer to help cook and serve people every Thursday. These people are homeless, financially disadvantaged, or alone. Over 140 meals are served or given out, including a main meal and dessert. Takeaway meals are given to those who request or are in need. What l love about this program is how it involves the whole community. The students and people who volunteer bring clothing and shelf-stable food. People with disabilities come to serve. People who are elderly or have life-threatening illnesses serve others in need. Some of the volunteers are in their 70s, 80s, and even 90s. We all join together as a family and we love and support each other. Books and magazines are donated. Chemists donate supplies. Every person in attendance is able to take a bag of donated bread and rolls home each week. Hearing, dental, vaccinations, and medical checks are donated. People volunteer to pamper by giving manicures. Others volunteer to play music. The attendees are able to take showers and have their clothing washed. Supermarkets and other stores donate food. Bayside Church has a van to pick up all of the food and helps to fund the two locations. Once a week, we bond together and provide the dignity and respect we all deserve. I'm so proud to have volunteered at Matt's Place over the past three years. For some, it is a lifeline and the first contact for shelter and other needed services. Most of all, people care and form a bond.  Some people haven't eaten for days and are living on the streets; their whispered "thank you" is coupled with tears in their eyes and volunteers know they have made a difference. There is no greater gift than love. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1725-matts-place
The Show Must Go On$Submitted by Annie Merovich We'd been looking for someone of Chinese ethnicity to sing the anthem on Chinese Heritage Night for months. This night is important to our sponsor, O.R.G. Packaging. We had asked our contact at O.R.G. to help us find an anthem but came up empty-handed. We were three days out, and Joon Yi overheard us talking about still needing one. He texted a few friends and we had an anthem singer confirmed the next morning. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1724-the-show-must-go-on
Christmas Lunch$These beautiful people and l spent five days preparing a Christmas lunch for over 350 people, many of whom are alone or homeless. One man said for years he would travel on the train till the end of the line, eat his sandwich, and then travel back again. He had no one to share Christmas with. Each year Bayside Church helps fund this event and local businesses contribute food. Let us spread love and compassion to those in need. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1723-christmas-lunch
Befriending a Refugee$I taught a young refugee English and we became friends over a three year period. I learned that she had breast cancer and took her to appointments and treatments during this time. I was asked if l could help her. She lived in my home for seven and a half months. During this time I took her out to experience things she had never done; we went to the ballet, concerts, galleries, Phillip Island, Dandenongs, markets, beaches, restaurants, and cafes. As she became worse I became her full-time caregiver. We enjoyed what time she had left. Finally, I took her to palliative care where she stayed for a month. I visited her every day, bringing food and doing her washing. Along with others, I prayed with her. I promised to be with her till the end as did her pastor and others who loved her. After many years of fighting this tragic disease of cancer, she died at the age of 34. She was buried in a public cemetery and a few of her closest friends were present. At the memorial service, over 80 people came to pay their respects; the impact she had on everyone's life was enormous. I will always remember her courage and beautiful smile. She became like my daughter. Ailee taught me more than I could ever give: love, patience, courage, and compassion. She had a hard life but she said the last few months were the best she ever had! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1722-befriending-a-refugee
Simple act of encouraging words$Words have so much meaning in life.  A kind word goes a long way towards making someone feel good about themselves.    There is enough negativity in the world.  If we just make one person feel good by saying something nice to them, it feels really good inside.   You can even say something nice to animals (pets) too and they will respond. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1721-simple-act-of-encouraging-words
My parents$My parents always try to make me better in everything and always support me in good things. Don't let your parent go they are your support system. love them from your heart they will do that too. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1720-my-parents
My friend.                                    by Madeline$If you have ever had a friend, then you know that friends help you out. This one person will make you want to do something, or help you through something, or just doing all the something in the world. This one person, and her name is Decatur. She's a friend, a best friend, the best friend ever. Everyday she's there. There at school. Always in my classes. I always never did my work. Always copying her work. But she made me want to do stuff, to not copy, to have good grades, to be happy. This is everyday. It's everyday bro with the Decatur channel flow. She's the rolex on my wrist because I just want a roley roley. She's the wave check, but you don't have to check.  This is a friend, a good friend. This is Decatur.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1719-my-friend-by-madeline
With friends RAK day is everyday                              by Decatur $My friends are probably the jackpot of best friends. Whenever I didn't have a pencil Madeline was there to help and put a smile on my face that stretched a mile long (figuratively). Whenever I wasn't in a good mood Ruby was there to make the day brighter than the sun. Whenever I  forgot something Hayen got it covered and made my mood the happiest mood  you could ever imagine. They  always do random acts of kindness . Even the littlest  acts make the world a better place.  Almost every day they throw compliments at me, smile to others in the hall, and befriend the ones who look lonely.  Ruby, Hayden, and Madeline (mostly Madeline) inspire me to do better and I have decided to form a  RAK squad with them that will always be open to new members. I hope this story inspires you like my amazing friends inspire me to make the world a better, kinder, happier place $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1718-with-friends-rak-day-is
Bully-Free$A student at my elementary was being harshly bullied every day at school. She thought there was nothing she could do about the teasing, name-calling, gossiping, and hundreds of notes with horrible messages on them. I reached out to her; she was an amazing girl, sweet, pretty, smart, and more. I saw no apparent reason for her to be put down so hard. It broke my heart that she had to deal with it, and I couldn't stand by and watch, as I had experienced my share of bullying myself. I didn't want anyone else to go through what I had. I promised her that I would help her. I gathered my entire class, wrote an appreciation card, and had everybody sign it. At recess, I had gathered multiple teachers and students for a rally against the bullies. The bullying stopped for good and she met and made multiple new friends. Our kindness inspired many people in the school to stop bullying, and for the rest of the year, we tried our hardest to be a bully-free school. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1717-bully-free
one good thing$I once helped some people with binder problems like when it is spilled for something good. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1716-one-good-thing
Holding A Door$When me and my parents go somewhere my brother and I hold the door for people in and out of stores and restaurants. We share the same kindness back when they hold it open for us. We always say thank you or when they tell us ¨ thank you"we say your welcome or they'll joke around with us ect. so whenever someone holds the door for you always say thank you it makes a person´s day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1715-holding-a-door
to have a friend$i was nice to my dad to  and he was the happiness you will have in the vlatines in a good way to have a good time. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1714-to-have-a-friend
the best thing any one has ever done $there is a man who most don't know his name is phil swift. phil is a artist he created the flex family of products this stuff has got me through a rough point in life and he is the man who made it. i worship this man as a god and these flex fans  are the best family i have ever had $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1713-the-best-thing-any-one
Toy Car$For my birthday, I received a Walmart gift card. I took it to the store so that I could get something new. But, while I was there, I saw that firefighters were accepting donations for kids who wouldn't have any gifts to open on Christmas. Instead of buying for myself, I went inside Walmart and got a toy car with the use of my gift card and donated it to the firefighters, so they can give it to kids who need it more. I used all of my gift card on the toy, but I have enough things. Other kids don't. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1712-toy-car
My act of kindness story$One day I was on my way to math class and I saw my friend and she looked sick. I asked her if she was ok. She told me that she had been sick. I then gave her advice to help her. She told me thank you. We then went into math class and she looked like she was happier. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1711-my-act-of-kindness-story
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Getting a cat $When I was younger I really wanted a cat.  One day my family and I went to California and we went to the beach. Later that day we found a little cat on the beach by itself and he had no collar and most of everyone at the beach left. I begged my dad if we could keep him, at first he said no but after begging and begging he finally said yes we can keep him.  I was really happy and we took him back to Nevada. We named him dog and he is a sweet cat. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1710-getting-a-cat
yeetus deletus$i made a lego set an gave it to my freind $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1709-yeetus-deletus
Valentines$I gave my friend a piece of candy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1708-valentines
Kindness in Loss$Recently our community experienced a tragic loss; a mother and baby had died. We all felt sorry for this family, so we decided to make blankets for them to cheer them up. A big group of girls got together to make blankets, but we still felt like doing a few more things for this family. We decided to "Heart Attack" them, which means cutting out a bunch of hearts and taping them to somebody's door to show how much they are cared for. We also made cookies and bought some stuffed animals. When we were all done with our preparations, we drove over to their house. We pasted the hearts all over their front porch and rang the doorbell. When they opened the door, they started tearing up. We told them if they ever needed something, or even a friend, we would be there. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1707-kindness-in-loss
Helping my grandma $A year ago my grandma moved in to a new house and she can't really lift things cause of her back and her past problems and my brother and I helped her move into her house and it was beautiful.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1706-helping-my-grandma
Robux$My friend was sad because he had no robux, so I got him robux. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1705-robux
compliment$today my cousin showed me her makeup and i compliment her that it looked really nice and her hair looked shiny and it smelled like flowers.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1704-compliment
COMPLIMENTARY$Yesterday,  I really wanted to go get boba tea and my sister had the car. She didn't want to go because she didn't look good.  We went home and I told her that I would pay.  She took me and I payed for her drink. PERIODT  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1703-complimentary
Lost Phone$One day I almost left my phone in the cart at the store. I put the cart away outside and I guess that I left my phone in it. As I got into the car I heard someone yelling out to me. I stood up and turned around and there was a person that worked at Walmart standing there. She asked me if it was mine and I said yes and thank you. I guess she was putting the carts back in Walmart and found it and gave it back to me when most people would take it for themselves. It made me think about how I should act when I find something that belongs to someone else. That was a great day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1702-lost-phone
Crutches$I had surgery on my knee and I had to be on crutches for 6 weeks. My ancient civilization teacher had some trash on his stair to his classroom and I leaned over and picked it up for him and I made his day because even though i was on crutches I still picked up some trash to help my teacher out.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1701-crutches
complementing $Yesterday when i was in the hallways i saw this girl in a dress that was really nice so i compliment on her dress .   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1700-complementing
A Good Deed$I bought a stranger some food after she had moved here from Florida after hurricane Harvey.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1698-a-good-deed
Teaching Friendship$When I was in 5th grade I was the lonely type. I never made friends and sat by myself at recess. Although I was quiet, I had pretty good grades. One school day I was eating my lunch when a few girls came up to me with a teacher. They said, "Come with us we are going to have good pizza for lunch!" so I threw away my lunch and followed. When we were walking to get the pizza I would always hold the door for the girls. When we got back to the classroom we all grabbed our plates and dug in. While we were eating we started talking to each other. We made each other laugh and became great friends. I still have these friends to this day, thanks to my teacher putting us together. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1697-teaching-friendship
kidness$there was this kid in my 3rd grade class who was bullying this girl in class and  i told him to stop so he did and she thanked me for helping her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1696-kidness
Random act of kindness$This morning I was trying to find something to do because I was board. My mom left so I couldn't talk to her any more.  My sister let me play with her phone while mine was charging. She left 8 minutes later and my phone was all charged. I got to play my phone after she left and it was all charged $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1695-random-act-of-kindness
Finally A Family$I was removed from my home and sent to foster care. While there I met many potential foster parents, but no one wanted me. One day I met someone who did want me! She was a kind, loving, and caring person. She let me say goodbye to my friends and then took me home. A few years later, she adopted me and my sister and it was the first time I ever felt wanted. I will remember that moment forever. My new mom's random act of kindness was wanting and loving me for who I was when no one else did. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1694-finally-a-family
My kindness story$One day I saw, Cece. I was like darn girl your hydro is looking snazzy.  She was like, thanks boo.  The next day she bought me a pencil and said, this is for the compliment. We hugged and I lost the pencil. So I went to the store and bought a new notebook and brought it with me at school. I gave her a new pencil and notebook and I said all thanks to Mr. Hardy's rule. We hugged one last time and and we went our separate ways. That's my story of my random act of kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1692-my-kindness-story
Sisters are KIND!$My sister is really kind.  She is always willing to help me out.  She watches my daughter in the morning. This act of kindness allows me to go to work on time, and my daughter doesn't have to go to Safekey.   She helps my daughter with her homework and feeds her sometimes too.  I really appreciate all the help!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1690-sisters-are-kind
Hot Chocolate$Yesterday it was raining so it was cold. My mom had just had surgery and had a ACL replacement because some kid double-jumped her at flip-n-out extreme. Even though she was in excruciating pain she still got up and made me and my brother a nice warm cup of hot chocolate so that when we came home from walking in the rain we wouldn't be cold. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1689-hot-chocolate
Kindness$I don't really have anyone like that, but I am to my friends. We don't go to the same middle schools, but we went to the same elementary. To them I'm like a therapist and also good to talk to.  We all miss each other, but we hang out sometimes. When they have a problem at school, they come to me. I have a way to solve their problems almost every time. When I have a problem though, they always have my back. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1688-kindness
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
I don't know$I know people have done nice things to or for me, but nothing story-like comes to mind. Although, Marshmello did do this one thing, not for me, but for a foundation. He donated a lot of money to them, he helped them out and made a music video with and for them! The foundation is called HOPE FOR PAWS. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1687-i-dont-know
What did I witness? An act of kindness. $ Someone got dissed on valentines day by someone she liked and I could tell that she was very upset then this one girl was like "everything alright girl." Then the girl was like " I got dissed". Then that one girl was like " He's probably a jerk any way. " $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1686-what-did-i-witness-an
mom$when i get math homework mom always helps with it  or when i study for a test she reviews it with me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1685-mom
RAK$When I was having a bad day my sister gave me a hug and made my day better. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1684-rak
kindness$i dropped a ton of papers  and my friends started to pick up with me and it was spreaded everywhere so random people just started to pick it up and brought it to me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1683-kindness
The Gift Card, The Gift$So on xbox my friend did not have any games except for fortnite so I was really kind and gave him a $50 and he bought a few more games and add ons. My dad helped me because he got me the best console ever the xbox one x on my birthday. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1682-the-gift-card-the-gift
The orphan$he wanted abandoned children not to miss him, freddy had a happy family but in the second world war he left for his parents and now he is the multimillonari with more money or he has created 20 associations with different cases , support for societies... $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1681-the-orphan
Helping the Homeless$On just an ordinary day, I went for a drive with my dad and my uncle. We were going over to a friend's house just to talk. As we were driving, I noticed a lot of homeless people laying around on the sides of the road. A bunch of tents, blankets, carts, and trash bags were everywhere. It made me feel sad and made me think about it for a while. A lot of things are happening around this world; people are getting hurt. But the one thing I hate is how people can't do anything about the homeless people. People can fix other problems in the world, but don't do much to help the homeless. We kept driving back home. As we got home, I was still thinking about it. I prayed for all of them that one day they'll find a little hope and something that they really need. The next day, I went to the store with my dad to go get some groceries. As we were leaving the store, I saw another homeless person and told my dad. My dad gave me $5 so that I could give it to the man. I walked up to the man, gave him the money and told him, "God bless". He replied, "Thank you and God bless." I got home and thought about what I did. I thanked my dad for giving me the money to give to the man who really needed it. Just a little hope and help for others. That's my act of kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1680-helping-the-homeless
Fuzzball$Once my mom and I went to Walmart and saw a baby pigeon. I told my mom and she said if it was still there when we left we would try to take it home. When we left it was still in the same place. We guessed she had fallen from her nest that was on top of the roof and could not fly. We picked her up with gloves and put her in a box in which she could breathe. We knew what to do because we had rescued other baby birds in the past. We took her home and we looked up what she ate so we made her porridge with bugs in it; it looked really gross, but she liked it. We also bathed her so she would be cleaner and in case she had any diseases. We got a bigger box and poked holes in it so she could breathe. We then had to feed her every five hours and my mom had to work from home for about a month to take care of her. We finally named her Fuzzball because she was really fuzzy and looked like a little ball of fuzz. We also tried taking her outside to see if she would fly but she could not yet. One day we had to go on vacation so we asked our animal expert friend about a good shelter to place her with. Fuzzball was raised at that shelter until she could fly and then was released back into the world. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1679-fuzzball
Unlikely Friends$One day I was sitting in English class talking to my friends. I glanced over to my left and saw a girl with long brown hair covering her face sitting alone. I started to talk to her; she was shy and quiet for a little bit. Eventually, we started talking and found out we actually had a lot in common. We became best friends over the course of a month. She started talking a lot more to others as she began to feel more and was able to make more friends because of me! She inspires me to do kind things everyday! We have been friends for about 6 months and she is the kindest and most hardworking person I have ever met. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1678-unlikely-friends
Friendship virus$One day I was new to the school and I didn't know anyone but this girl name Michelle started talking to me and being nice to me we had a lot of things similar so we started talking and we became friends for about 1 months.Then we dicated to be best friends and we got each other back and we  have the best time she is kind,and nice she was there for me at all times if I was feeling sad she made me happy and if I didn't wanted to talk to her she just didn't listen and talked to me.Now we are like a sister to me and she inspired me to be a awesome person and be who I am  and now we been friend since 6 months and we love each other. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1677-friendship-virus
My Mom $My mom inspired me to be kind and be friends with anyone even if there are unique or have different similarities. My mom always said to me " just saying hi or smiling at someone can change their day." I remember I had a friend who did not have a lot of clothes by the looks of him. So I wanted to do something kind. I went to the store and bought him clothes because he need of him and  I felt like i needed to do it. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1676-my-mom
My Dad$My dad inspired me to be the best person I could be. I love my dad, he is funny and weird. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1675-my-dad
Helping the homeless$I saw a video that help a homeless man they gave him  $200 they  said go get a hotel go stay somewhere and go eat and go get new clothes. It inspire me by how we can help and be kind to the homeless because some kids live in the homeless and don't have a perfect life so you can help by just spare some money to them.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1674-helping-the-homeless
that one.$thank you.  these people have helped me during my first year of middle school as a 6th grader. thank you to that one teacher that had my phone and keys when i lost them in the cafeteria. thank you to those 3 7th grader boys that helped me when i fell during pe. thank you to my frens lending me a dollar for when i was thirsty during lunch. thank you to my 8th grade frens that found me alone in the pe bleachers. i enjoyed our talks about conspiracy theories. thank you to my frens that were loud and funny during lunch with me. theres alot of more people i would thank but im in class set on a timer doing this. so i would like to say thank you.  to everybody.  i luv yaaaa $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1673-that-one
to do good$I want people to be kind to other people $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1672-to-do-good
High-Fives$There is a kid that goes around the school giving high-fives to everyone he sees. It makes me so happy and lifts me up every time he gives me one. Now I try to give high-fives to all the people I can. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1670-high-fives
Online Friend$I was playing an online game, while I was playing I ran up to a person and said, "Wait." Trying to catch up to them while they were running away, so after she stopped I said, "Sorry, I just wanted to say you are beautiful. :)" She said "Thank you, you are also beautiful." And we parted our ways, but while I was being attacked she saved me and we became friends, we have now been friends for a whole year and we are best friends, she has helped me through a lot of stuff that has been going on in my life, and i've been helping her. We text almost everyday and I trust her very much.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1669-online-friend
my RAK story$my mother, has been in college for sixteen years now, and she inspires me everyday to do my best in school and at my home.... she helps me with anything I need and she has no trouble doing it... so in return I help her take care of my baby sister, and help clean the house. I am very lucky to have a mother like her!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1668-my-rak-story
kind person $my step dad is kind to me and my family.   me and my mom and brothers and sister  had ruftime. my mom stared dating  someone from work he helped my mom and made shur she got to her car. he is always there for us. and they are marred now and my family is happy now.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1667-kind-person
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
My grandma and me helping a homeless man$I always feel sad for the people that are homeless because they don't have anywhere to stay.  Me and my grandma gave this homeless guy 10 bucks once when we were going to a store and I know I did the right thing. I try and help all those people homeless people. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1664-my-grandma-and-me-helping
RAK$I hold the door for people and I say thank you and your welcome.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1663-rak
My Kindness Story$One time on Christmas my parents bought me and my sister tablets.  My sister's tablet was one with a removable keyboard. Mine was just a normal one and it lagged a lot. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1662-my-kindness-story
Scott's kindness story $MY kindness story is about when i was at NBa summer league. i was there i was shooting on the small pop a shot this they had there when someone came up to me and said If you make this shot I would get 100 dollars and of course i made the shot. That man did not have to give me that money It was just a random act of kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1661-scotts-kindness-story
Kindness$My sory is that everytime someone would ask if anybody had a pencil he/her can use, I would give them my pencil even sometimes to keep it when I didn't have a lot of pencils for myself to use. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1660-kindness
Parents$MY parents let me live with them and let me eat with them buy me things like foood and stuff $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1659-parents
Homeless helpers$It was my friend we were going to go to whallmat to get somethings for the homeless because I see lots  of homeless people so we helped them. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1658-homeless-helpers
one and only special girlfriend $now a day i have  a girlfriend  and when i first met here she was so nice to me so on valentines i got here some presents and she got so red and blushed then i asked her to be my   girlfriend and she said yes   and i fell to my knees and then i was happy  and i felt so good to be there. 😂😇😇😇☺☺☺😊😊😊😘😍 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1657-one-and-only-special-girlfriend
A friend and family's death $So, I guess I'll start off by telling you that I had a cat. She was a calico cat with what looked like a small phoenix on her face, we had her since she was a kitten. I would've done anything for her, her name was Gizzy. When I was a baby, she would crawl in my crib with me and protect me, and when I grew older, she would still climb into bed with me and lay either on my chest, or at my feet. When I was 9, however, things took a turn for the worse. Gizzy was sick, but we didn't know until it was too late.... When we found out, she already had liver malfunction and there wasn't anything we could do. So while I was in school, my parents put her down. After her death, I wanted to help people more, and help their pet.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1656-a-friend-and-familys-death
This is the best story you will read about an dog$ haha tricked you this is about my family!!!!!!!!!!!!My family  is my mom, dad, and my brothers. They  are kind to me, well most of them. For giving me gifts and giving me clothes and telling me not to do stupid stuff , but they are kind for giving me money or buying me food and water so I can live everyday. Sometimes their kind for giving me a glass of water or bringing me something. They are all nice and kind and that's my niccccccce family  :] :[ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1655-this-is-the-best-story
Giving Parents$Sometimes small acts of kindness can be overlooked; sadly, I overlook kindness shown by my family often. It is always the parents that show the greatest kindness. Even if you don't physically feel or know the acts, parents show kindness every day all day. They work hard, play with you, and care for you. Remember to say and feel thankful for what they do and serve them back every day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1654-giving-parents
The day I almost died $My grandpa and I were riding bikes and I almost slid of a cliff near lake Mead and he saved me by pulling my shirt and saved me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1652-the-day-i-almost-died
The nicest friend ever.$Mekaela was the nicest  friend i ever had because she was nice for me when i was sad or feeling down and she's always been there for me and i really like that and that's what makes me happy and that's also why she's my friend. She has also been my friend for a year now and that's what i like about and that's i like her as a friend and she is also really nice. She is also nice to other people and that's because        she is the nicest person ever and that's why she's my friend. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1651-the-nicest-friend-ever
Flowers$I forgot the name of the video and I didn't do it, but the video was still really wholesome to me. The video had some elderly man stop driving his car before parking it by some roadkill. The man had a bouquet in hand and laid it over the dead animal. It was really sweet. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1650-flowers
My friend$I decided to prank my friend and tell her i didn't want to be her friend anymore. She sent me a long paragraph saying i was one of her closest friends and that she would take a bullet for me anytime. When things are falling apart she will be there. That really touched my heart that day and it made me want to cry tears of happiness.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1648-my-friend
story $one time i saw a little boy help and elderly up the stairs  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1647-story
a helping hand$when someone is hurt or crying at school i go over there to see what's wrong and make them feel better $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1646-a-helping-hand
food$I share my food with other peoples. When they ask i give them some. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1645-food
Random acts of kindness$Me my mom and little sister were giving food to the homeless my mom inspired me to do this. I also think it was really kind when a man gave us some money to buy food. When my mom was running  low on money the man in the back of us was willing to pay with his money.  when I broke my bone from falling off my bike a firefighter came to help me get back home.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1644-random-acts-of-kindness
The Kindness Story$One time i met this new kid in  brown, he said he was new, and he was the nicest guy ever. He was so friendly so i said, would you like to sit with me, and he said maybe.  In my elementary school there was tons of shy people, so i asked if they wanted to play soccer, because soccer was the main thing in are elementary school.  After that i said you want to join my group and they said yes, so then we became good friends, and there names were austin, and pasindu. I also said you were the coolest people ever, and to that day we still are friends. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1643-the-kindness-story
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
My Bad Day In Roblox$one time this one kid was bullying me and then my friend amya called me and she joined my game and then helped and we reported the bully and helped with the situation she helped me from getting in trouble in the game and turns out that person was kicked and banned from the game. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1642-my-bad-day-in-roblox
Thanksgiving Volenteering$Every single year instead of having dinner, I go to a place to volunteer to the homeless. It was so nice to see so many people volunteering. Over 200 people go every year. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1641-thanksgiving-volenteering
Mr. Whipple$Mr. Whipple was the nicest man in the whole wide world. He would always make everyone in his presence feel special. Just being around him made me want to be a better person. If you ever saw him he would take the time to talk to you and shake your hand. He always wanted to know about you and your life. Whenever you saw him driving down the street he always had his hand up waving to every person who passed by in a car. He was the nicest man ever. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1640-mr-whipple
No Hate Needed$The person that inspires me to be a good person is Grover Thomas, Jr., my great grandpa. When I heard stories of what he did in life, I wanted to be like him. My grandma tells me he was a great person. He only used kindness to solve problems, instead of violence or hate. I want to carry on his kindness through the family and in the world. No hate or violence is needed in this life. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1639-no-hate-needed
valentines friendship$On Valentines Day, This random person came up to me and started to have a conversation and also helped me open my locker as it was jammed and hard to open up, The person is in 6th grade but no different from me, she is now my friend. She made me realise that just by being kind can start a great friendship . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1638-valentines-friendship
No Bullying Allowed$One time I saw a kid get bullied. The bullies wouldn't leave him alone and they punched him. I jumped in and stopped the fight. They left and I helped him to his feet. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1637-no-bullying-allowed
Drive-Thru Surprise$My family and I were on our way to In N 'Out for lunch, after running some errands. We were in the drive-thru in quite a long line, waiting for several minutes. Then, a car came from Walmart on the right. My mom let them through because she thought they had to pass as the drive-thru line was blocking the exit. She moved away from the road and the car stopped in front of us; they pulled in front of the whole drive-thru line! Of course we were mad, and we were sure that everyone behind us was not satisfied with that either. But when we approached the window to pay for our meals, we discovered that they paid $10 for our food which was more than half of our bill! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1636-drive-thru-surprise
Sweater $Today someone was cold and i gave them my sweater.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1635-sweater
A New Friend$One day i was just having fun back in elementary school this one kid i see everyday alone i walked up to him and asked for his name and i said mine as well eventually we got to know each other well and we became friends that day i became friends with him so he wouldn't be lonely and i still see and talk to him from this day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1634-a-new-friend
baby pigeon $my friend charlotte once found this baby pigeon  at a wall-mart and nursed it for two months. they put it in a box with holes to breath $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1633-baby-pigeon
Old Lady$I was walking to park and I saw an old lady and I helped her across the street. She said thank you and i said your welcome and I left. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1632-old-lady
Fighting $This kid was getting bet up so i helped him up and stopped the fight.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1631-fighting
Suck My Chicken Finger$I am kind when I want to be kind.But if somebody makes my day bad then I be mad or sad.I smile every day at people and  I'm just a happy person   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1630-suck-my-chicken-finger
By My Side$My best friend is the one I turn to when things go bad. She's the only one that puts up with me and doesn't give up. No matter what mood I'm in, she's right there by my side. I don't know how she does it but she manages to survive everything I throw at her. Whenever we argue, instead of running off as any friend would, she stays by my side. Whenever my world feels like it's crashing down on me, I know that I could turn to her and she'll be the one to make it better. I could count on her for whatever I need at any time. In short, the best thing she has done for me is stayed by my side. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1629-by-my-side
Pepper$My story is about my dog pepper,shes a chiwawa and she is as small as a peppercorn.Thats why we call her pepper.We found someone selling her for a cheap price near my moms work place.So we bought her and she was so small that she could fit in the palm of your hands.She was so sweet and fun to play with.She is still alive to this day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1628-pepper
My Dad$i chose my dad because if i ever have a problem he is the first to talk to.  He  is also helps me study or help me with my homework. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1627-my-dad
The Guy On Instagram $Some guy on instagram gave one of the boys at is school a jacket and $80 because his jacket had holes in it  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1625-the-guy-on-instagram
I gave someone $5$When i was 7 years old i got my birthday money. Then we went to the store so i can buy some candy, but there was a homeless guy and he needed food. So i gave him $5 so he can buy some food for him so he wouldn't starve.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1623-i-gave-someone-5
My mom give muning$My mom did a kindess theing cever she gave sumer muny to a man that need help and she give bluds a waey. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1622-my-mom-give-muning
turtle$one day there was a turtle and he was a happy turtle and lived alone . then one day i could see that it felt sad to i told my dad if we can buy another turtle that is a girl .and he said yes so we went to the pet store and we found pretty turtle and we named her annabelle and while we were there i told my dad if we can buy baby shrimp so the turtle can eat and he said yes so we went home with a but load of stuff  and my turtle was finally happy  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1621-turtle
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
my family's act of kindness$what inspired me to be kind to dogs a lot more is my dad hurt the dogs sometimes like over react when they did something bad.(not any more) and i knew it was wrong because my mom was always nice and everybody else was so it inspire me to be nice to all dogs even mean one's as i brought a little dog food to make friends with some of them. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1620-my-familys-act-of-kindness
Toy Drive Donations$Every year I donate to a toy drive that a local radio station holds. I bring toys and money for kids who do not have these things. It is really fun to donate and get to hang out with people that do the same thing. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1619-toy-drive-donations
My Friend $My friend monie inspired me to be a better person  do good in life and she is always there for me  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1617-my-friend
Sharing is Caring $February 14th, Valentine's Day, is meant to be a day of love and happiness. My friends and I exchanged gifts and stuffed animals as we had no valentines this year. When I walked into History class, very unexcited to take a test, I realized that none of my classmates at my table had received any gifts. I felt bad for them, but knew I could help! I shared all of the candy and chocolate my friends had given me. I loved seeing everyone so happy; it was a very joyful day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1615-sharing-is-caring
My godmother amelia$my godmother amelia inspires me she is a wealthy real estate agent she live comfortability she has a 2 story house and a 1 kid she helps people that don't have a lot  of money and helps at food banks  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1614-my-godmother-amelia
Helping the New Kid$One day I was walking to my class and saw a kid that looked new.  I felt bad for him, so I helped him out and took him to his class. By doing that small thing, I got a new friend and we are still close now. I was late for class, but I told my teacher what happened and she excused the tardy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1613-helping-the-new-kid
Father$My father always makes sure that I am happy and fine after my mother left I was depressed he made me feel happy after. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1612-father
Here, Let Me$When I was walking to 7-11 I saw an older lady who seemed to be having trouble walking. When our paths met, I helped her across the street and carried her bags for her. It wasn't a big thing and it didn't take long, but her smile told me she appreciated it. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1611-here-let-me
#RAK  DAY $I woke up and gave the last donut to my little brother this morning. ( This is the best thing you can do for someone) P.S. I really wanted that donut!!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1610-rak-day
Kindness in the Park$While I was walking in the park the other day, my bag fell.  I began picking up my stuff and then a nice gentleman began helping me pick up my stuff. I was surprised at the random kindness he showed me. After we finished the task, he took me to a coffee shop and we grabbed some coffee and talked for a bit. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1607-kindness-in-the-park
uncle$my uncle inspires me to be a better person because he tell us that all he wants from us is to do better than him.his mom told him so he told us and we´ll tell our children and so on. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1606-uncle
The Man$So yeah, I was just in the city of deadwood with my parents, We were exploring it, (btw this was in south dakota 7 states away from where i live) We wanted to cross the street cuz we saw a steakhaus and it was cold out, like, Icy cold. While in the middle of the street, I slipped on ice and fell, suddenly, a Car was coming, but when it nearly hit me, a man just came and slid and pushed me to the side, saved me! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1605-the-man
Harvey Helpers$After the horrible destruction in Houston after Hurricane Harvey, my family and I drove down and volunteered in three homes. The first home had the entire first floor destroyed. Everything was soaked and moldy;  my two younger brothers and I were tasked with the duty of carrying everything outside to the dump pile. All we had were some gloves, an old wagon, and three plastic medical masks, but we had fun. We took turns riding down the long driveway in the wagon to the pile, and we took turns pushing. We made all of it into a game. After we were done, the lady and her daughter who lived there were able to begin rebuilding. The second house had been completely submerged and we had to use large machines to demolish the house. We did not get to help with that, but we were allowed to babysit the family's five kids. We played in the stream by their home. We found salamanders, built a dam, and played many tag games. The final home that we helped at was quite small and had little damage. This time, we got to use sledgehammers to break out all of the molded walls. We worked for about 3 hours and completed the work at that home. Then, after three days, we went back home. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1602-harvey-helpers
Reading for Smiles$Every Thursday since I was in third grade (I'm now in 7th grade), I've gone to the autism classroom to read to the kids. I started to read to them in third grade because my little brother was in the class. I had planned to only do this the year my brother was in the class. But I decided to keep on reading to this classroom because of the smiles on the kids' faces. I always enjoy doing this because many of the kids are happy that someone is coming in and reading to them. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1600-reading-for-smiles
Getting teached by sis :)$One day my sister told me what is right and what is wrong  and how to be a better person she started saying things like how to help out a other person or something else and all that.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1599-getting-teached-by-sis
Friends Forever$One day I was biking w/ my friend and I fell in the mud. My friend let me use his shirt to try to wipe the mud off. He got a new shirt. I moved and have never seen him since 2 months after this story. So I guess it's ironic that I said "Friends Forever" but I haven't seen him in 3 years.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1598-friends-forever
Lunch$At school a boy was pushed and he dropped his lunch. At my school lunch is free. But you can only get one lunch. Because I bring lunch from  home I was still eligible to get lunch. So I got him lunch. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1597-lunch
My inspiration $My dad inspires me because he teaches me that if i want something, then to do anything i can to accomplish it. I saw a random act of kindness when i was at the store and my little sister bought  something and this girl came up to my mom and said "I like how you taught your kids how to handle money" then handed my mom a $50 bill.  Kindness is everywhere and in everyone just some people have to look deeper to find it.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1596-my-inspiration
Missing Toddler$One day, my mom was driving me to my grandma's house. I was very excited to be staying the night with my Grandma that weekend. As we were driving into the neighborhood, my mom spotted something out of the corner of her eye. It was a toddler in the middle of the street! My mom is a Pediatric Intensive Care Unit nurse, so she almost instinctively jumped out of the car and carried the child onto the safety of the street. She then saw someone's door wide open and rang their doorbell. The parents of the child were grateful and relieved. I will always remember that day as an example of how to be kind. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1595-missing-toddler
My parents$When I was a child I liked to get into things and destroy lots of stuff. My parents wanted me to start talking instead of being destructive but that didn't really work for me. One day that my parents told me about was when We were  at the park and instead of playing I let all of my friends play and take my turns. My mom got up and put me in front of the line of kids and said to all of them "NO CUTS." I haven't ever been to that park again but it showed not to let people walk all over me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1594-my-parents
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Taking a bullet $Well I was watching a video of where a 19 year old heard gun shots and woke up to his mother getting shot by his distant father. And the young man tackle the man and jumped in front of the bullets to save his mothers life. And while shot still called the cops and the father was arrested, and the mom and child went to the hospital butally injured.  The mother was now crippled an the son saddly died one day later . His mother and siblings miss him every day, and always think of his bravery. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1593-taking-a-bullet
Random friend of kindness$ I once had a good friend in elementary school who was always being kind. He comforted me when in need, he helped out, he answered my questions, and was always beside me. I wish I could still be with that friend, whose name was Austin.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1592-random-friend-of-kindness
Helping a friend$So i was in 5th grade at the time and i saw a lonely guy in the corner i decided to talk to him he was new to school and didn't have a friend so i talked to him he said i have no friends so i said, Hey wanna be friends so then he said yes and to this day we are still friends. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1591-helping-a-friend
Kindness Superhero$One day at school, towards the end of lunch, our table was called for dismissal. The teacher doesn't let us go until our table is clean. Every piece of trash was picked except for one carton of spilled chocolate milk. No one claimed it as theirs. We all wanted to leave but no one wanted to pick up the trash. As the teacher almost gave up, a tall young man in a black hoodie reached from behind me and grabbed the spilled carton of milk. It wasn't long until I realized that the young boy didn't even sit at that table, so it obviously wasn't his milk either. He really is a kindness superhero. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1590-kindness-superhero
My Friend$My friend is always says please and thank when getting something or asking to  get something. She's always makes sure no one is excluded and would rather do what other people want to make them happy.  She's one of the kindest people I know. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1589-my-friend
A Story$My story happened a long time ago when I was in third grade. People were mean to mean because I had short hair like a boy so they would make fun of me. So I was sad and then I made a friend she was really nice to me and kind she wasn't really mean at all. She let me play with her and her friends named Jenifer and Alexis. The girls name was Natalie and we still know each other today we are best friends.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1588-a-story
my friend decatur $my friend decatur has inspired me in many ways. she makes me happy because she is my best friend and always will be. she supports me when I have to make tough decisions she supports me even though I have to move and she dos not that she inspires many!!!!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1587-my-friend-decatur
Kindness is everywhere$My best friend forever and ever who's name is Caleb inspires me to be kind and a better person. When I was in 4th grade me and my friends would help our teacher with the class work after school everyday. But one day a teacher dropped all of her papers so my friend ran over and helped pick up the papers and then that made me happy because he helped a teacher that we didn't even know.  Off topic but everyday I hug all of my friends and they always say "Yay I get to hug you!" and I make there day everyday. If there not there that day I give them an even longer hug the next day. We call it "Daily doses of hugs." $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1586-kindness-is-everywhere
Random act of kindness $My 'friend Jared, makes and made me want to be a better person. He was always so nice to me and he was always someone I could tell all my problems to (':  I was always unhappy so I always seemed like a bad influence because of my mood and things. He was there for me even though I didn't like my personality nor the person I was, I wanted to be kinder and happier so I can make others happy too. Seeing many people liked him and how he had cared emotions for me and others, it made me try to be better.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1585-random-act-of-kindness
TIPS$My mom always tips and I think that this is kind. I think of carma when she tips and if I can I will do it to.  If I can't tip then I will tip next time. In the end my mom and dad inspire me to be a better person. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1584-tips
BESTIE$My best friend Mikayla has inspired me to be a better person to the world around me. Before I met her I was popular and really rude. Then I met mikayla and she changed my life for the better. She had told me that other people had feelings too and that I should think about them more. I started doing this more and it really was starting to show. I dropped my negative friends and now me and my best friend Mikayla, are living the nice life. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1583-bestie
Helping The Needy$One day I went with my grandma to an activity at our church. There we helped make quilts and hats and filled bags with the essentials like toothbrushes, toothpaste, shampoo, and conditioner and other things. I brought some hats I had made before. I forget exactly where they were being sent but everything we made would all be sent to people who really needed it. I felt really good to be helping make things for people who really need it. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1582-helping-the-needy
I helped my mom with cleaning the kitchen.$My mom was stressing over cleaning kitchen because she didn't have time so then I went over and helped her clean it. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1581-i-helped-my-mom-with
My Friend Cody$my friend cody helped this kid  who was at our school who drunk alcohol and he basically turned into a therapist until the kids moved but he did help the kids to stop stress drinking and him and cody became  friends after this, im felt proud of cody. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1580-my-friend-cody
School is a Wonderful Place to be$My friend Keira inspired me to be a better person because she always is there for me and when I needed help she always helped me in the ways she needed and wanted to. She inspires me to be a better person because she is the kind of person that follows the rules even when nobody is around to see. She helped me learn when I was stuck on a subject and helped me when I fell. Keira inspires me to be a better person, she really does.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1579-school-is-a-wonderful-place
Making jokes with new students $As soon as the new student of my Musical Theater class walked in i asked her a question that made her laugh. "When you have a bowl of cereal do you take your spoon and tap it in the milk?" I asked her.  She looked at me confused and a big smile formed on her face. I knew that she felt welcomed in our program. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1578-making-jokes-with-new-students
kindness$one day my family had helped a little girl that was lost to find her family.  We did not bring her to the lost children area cause she started to freak out. We looked all around where she was crying and no one was the. We soon found them by the animals and the family was so grateful that we took time from our day to help their little girl out. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1577-kindness
I Tried$My friend was added to a group chat by accident. Then he added me to the chat because he was being bullied. When I saw the messages they sent, I felt bad; they were bullying him because he is gay. I didn't like how he was getting bullied so I told them to stop but they didn't. They were saying incredibly rude things to him. I couldn't stop them but I told my friend that he's an amazing person who others love and care for. Even though I moved away, we still talk and he is the best choice that any person could make in a friend. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1576-i-tried
The time someone payed for my food$One time someone payed for my food when i was really hungry and by that I mean i was really hungry because i hadnt eaten in about 2-3 hours. They had bought me Chik-Fil-A :).  That someone was my mother. I thought that was very kind of her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1575-the-time-someone-payed-for
Valentines Day Accident$On Valentines Day, yesterday, one of my best friends crashed off his bike on his way to school. Someone's mother saw him outside of the school, and helped him to the nurse's office along with one of the teachers.  He ended up with a broken wrist and sprained ankle. I thanked the teacher after classes ended but I never got the opportunity to thank whoever's mom it was.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1574-valentines-day-accident
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
my teachers$My teachers are kind to me because some of them speak to me and tell me that i can do better. My teachers help me get my grades up higher  then they can so i can past. My teachers tell me get me act together.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1573-my-teachers
YEETUS$I dont know what to say about this, and i might have seen this wrong, but i saw someone on the side of a bridge and i saw like 3 people holding them back from jumping.  this changed me because i saw that there is still good in the world, besides all the bad things that were happening $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1572-yeetus
My Brother's Words $My big brother gave me two pieces of advice: "It's not over till it's over," and, "When the game is on the line, be in your prime." Those two phrases taught me to always push through and to not give up. Those words have stayed with me since then. I have always pushed through and never quit. He helped me learn how to persevere and to be kind and respectful. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1571-my-brothers-words
Helping My Family$With my Dad working all day and my Mom studying to get a certificate, it was hard for them to get the housework done around our house. I decided to sacrifice my free time to help them. I made sure my family had delicious dinners to eat every night and a clean house to come home to while my parents were so busy. My family couldn't thank me enough for all of the hard work I put in to support them. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1570-helping-my-family
Old Lady Needs Help$One time this old lady was walking out of our local Smith's, and was putting her groceries away.  She seems like she needed help, but when I got over there, she was done putting her groceries. I then put away her cart, and it made me feel good. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1569-old-lady-needs-help
Thanksgiving Shared$On Thanksgiving, we had a really big meal. There was a lot of food left over. We really didn't know what to do with so much extra food! We were driving back home from our family gathering and saw a homeless person. What a perfect opportunity!  We decided to give him some of our delicious food. His smile said it all. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1568-thanksgiving-shared
My Hero, My Mom$My mom has shown me a lot of love and does so much for our whole family. She works so hard. She is strict on us, but only so we will do something good in life. She wants to see us happy. When we don't do the right thing, she punishes us. She also teaches us to be respectful by holding doors for people and saying "please" and "thank you". $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1567-my-hero-my-mom
Be kind to one another$you should be kind to one another because if you treat them with respect then they will treat you the same way but if you treat them with disrespect then they would not be kind to you so if you want to be treated with respect then you shouldn't bully them or do anything hurtful to them.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1566-be-kind-to-one-another
Giving What I Can$One day I was in the car with my mom and we were on our way to the mall. When we were at the stop light, I saw a homeless woman who looked hopeless. I told my mom to roll down the window for me. When she, did I gave the woman $5 out of my bag. It wasn't much, but it was the only money I had at the moment. The woman looked at me with a great big smile on her face and said, "Thank you!" Every time I ride somewhere with my mom now, I think of my random act of kindness that day and feel very proud of myself. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1565-giving-what-i-can
my mom $my mom is always there for me.  she helps me with all my problems.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1564-my-mom
Stranger helps random old lady across the street get up after she falls.$My family and I were going to eat  wherever and as we were driving there we saw a random man stop his car and go help an old lady after she had fallen at the crosswalk. He lifted her up and she was thankful. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1563-stranger-helps-random-old-lady
The Wonderful Dress$During my second grade year, we were going on a field trip to the Smith Center. We were told to dress nice. There was a girl in our class who was not as fortunate as the rest of us and she didn't have a dress to wear. When we showed up to school that day, we were all dressed in beautiful dresses and suits, except for this girl. She was dressed simply in jeans and a shirt. We saw the teacher whispering to her and she left with a bag to go to the restroom. When she came back, we were shocked to see her in a pretty red dress and nice shoes. Someone had known that she would not have a dress and brought one for her! I had never seen the teacher or the student as happy as on that day. That experience showed me how kindness can so positively affect people. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1562-the-wonderful-dress
Helping Hand$One day me and my mom went to walgreens to get snacks we pulled up and we saw a man sitting on the wall he looked like he didn't have a lot of money and he looked like he needed food so i said to my mom we should give him some money and my mom said ok we will give him 10 dollars so I went to him and gave it to him and he said thank you so much  and he had a huge smile on his face and then me and my mom went to go buy snacks. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1561-helping-hand
friend $My friend was the only one there to help me when I fell down and bleeding and  she helped me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1560-friend
Who's your one?$My is my crush because he is all was there for me when im in a sad mood  hes there and he  never ever does something that makes me weird he cares about me  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1559-whos-your-one
Holding A door $All the time I hold the door open for people  at a resturaunt so they dont have too.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1558-holding-a-door
everyone I meet$everyone I meet is always nice to me which is why I always try to be nice to everyone and make a new friend today. If you give kindness you will be sure to get it in return. :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1557-everyone-i-meet
Wings to Go$My mother, brother, and I went out for dinner and my brother ordered chicken wings. Unfortunately, my brother didn't even eat the meal after it finally arrived at our table. We got the order of wings to go and decided to give them to a homeless man. We gave the meal to a man sitting outside Walmart.  He seemed really happy to be eating wings for dinner, and that really warmed my heart. My mom also gave him $20. Random acts of kindness warm my heart so much and I will do them for the rest of my life. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1555-wings-to-go
being kind$my mom has been kind to other people, like last time she gave these random boy some money because they needed it . and one day my mom gave a boy money to get on the bus. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1554-being-kind
Noah $Noah is my best friend and i do  my best to help them. we help each other, were really close and i love them but they don't love me back . i wish they felt the same but they don't have  to,.. they got a boyfriend who i don't like but is fine because just want to hangout with them . they help me so much and i don't know what i would do without them.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1553-noah
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Helping Someone$When I was walking in the hall one day going to my next class and someone in front of me got binder checked. I then went over to them and helped them pick up all of their papers and pencils and markers. They didn't appreciate my help and when they were done they just chased after their friends to get them back.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1552-helping-someone
Dress For Success $In December I had a project where I needed to do some good for my community. I decided to fundraise for a charity called Dress for Success.  I had about a month to raise 25 outfits for people who needed to get job interviews. Instead of receiving 25 outfits, I got over 50 sets of dress clothes! The owner was so happy when I came with all the clothes and it felt so good to do something so selfless. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1551-dress-for-success
Random Acts of Kindness $My parents inspire me every day. They are kind to me. If I am not kind they tell what I can do better. They  help me with a lot of things. They make me a better person. This is why my parents inspire me.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1550-random-acts-of-kindness
My Story$My random act of kindness was that i bought my girlfriend a flower that was glass and it had a gold stem and pink petals.  So that was my random act of kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1549-my-story
Cleanup in the Hallway$I walked down the school hallway and saw someone accidentally spilling juice all over the floor. The floor was slippery and he was trying to clean it up with the tissue he had. A group of people came in to help as well. I rushed over to the situation and helped him, too. More and more people grabbed some tissue and rushed in to help him. Soon of all of our tissues were soaked and we had no tissues left. We succeeded in helping the person, as well as cleaning the floor from the juice. He thanked us and walked away. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1548-cleanup-in-the-hallway
My Inspiration: My Mom$My mom is the one person that inspires me to be kind. My mom is a kind person herself and she wants me to be a good person. Just yesterday she did a random act of kindness for my dad. She wrote kind things on sticky notes and put them in the shape of a heart on his mirror. My mom is an amazing person and I want to be just like her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1547-my-inspiration-my-mom
kindness I guess$In 4th or 5th grade I gave a kid my candy because he didn't get one. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1546-kindness-i-guess
who's your one$My one is my big brother. This is because when i need something  he helps me and he lets me go to the park with him and his friends when i want to. lastly he is the one that taught me how to ride a dirt bike so that i could ride with him. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1545-whos-your-one
Real Talk$One day my father and I were taking a walk down the street. He began telling me that he does not want me to do bad things or to just follow the crowd always. This conversation really inspired me because of all the things he said can happen if I do follow poor examples. He told me about how much trouble I could end up in. I really listened to this talk and took it to heart because he was talking about things that happen in the real world. The whole talk got to my heart because he was speaking true facts and it inspired me not to be a bad person. I'm so grateful that he speaks so clearly to me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1544-real-talk
2nd Grade Kindness$In second grade my friends and I were playing tetherball. A kid was being rude to my of my friends saying stuff like, "you suck", and "your stupid." He was saying all this super rude things about her. She told me what he was saying and that it was making her upset. I went over to him and said, "Stop saying rude things to (her name). She is very upset and you are being rude." My friend told my teacher that I stood up for her after he said all the mean things. My teacher gave me a be kind bracelet and I was elected student of the month. My mom and teacher were very proud of me.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1543-2nd-grade-kindness
Who's Your One?$The one is my mom because when i am sick she takes me to the hospital when i am sick she missed work for a week to say with me in the hospital. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1542-whos-your-one
who's your one $My one is my mom she is nice and she is kind too $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1540-whos-your-one
Pizza and Tacos$one day I bought pizza and tacos for a homeless man. He was extremely enthusiastic.  He hadn't eaten tacos in ten years and pizza in five.  He thought they were delicious $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1539-pizza-and-tacos
Who's Your One?$My mom and dad because she always takes us places to have fun and feeds us everyday.  They let me have my alone time in my room playing video games games.  They help me on many things but they both work so they are busy.  They pay for school and will always let us do what we what.     $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1538-whos-your-one
Acts of Kindness $My parents taught me to be kind and respectful to other people he taught me that just because someone is mean to you should still  be kind to them. Being kind to one another is a kind thing to do. My friend is always nice to me she is my best friend. My friend was there with me  when i fell down, she is always there for me . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1537-acts-of-kindness
Valentine's Day$On Valentine's Day I saw a lot of gifts but one person brought a 5 foot teddy bear to school to give to the person they loved. I was really inspired to give more and be less sad that day $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1536-valentines-day
My friend's fall$My friend tripped because the hallway was cluttered so I helped him up and picked up his stuff so I'm nice. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1535-my-friends-fall
Who's  Your One$Erica was the sweetest girl i have ever meet. She is so nice even if i was having a bad day she would change my whole mood.  Ever since like october she would stay by my side.  Erica is the type of girl that is no matter what you do she will still stay by your side.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1534-whos-your-one
Happiness$Once I saw a girls say hi to everybody. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1533-happiness
Disneyland Gift Card$During a visit to Disneyland, I was in a gift store. I really wanted chocolate coins that were for sale. I couldn't get it because I ran out of money on my gift cards. While I was standing there, a girl gave me a gift card! She said she was leaving and didn't want to waste the money. There was just enough left on the card to get the chocolate coins!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1532-disneyland-gift-card
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Who's  Your One$Erica was the sweetest girl i have ever meet. She is so nice even if i was having a bad day she would change my whole mood.  Ever since like october she would stay by my side.  Erica is the type of girl that is no matter what you do she will still stay by your side.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1531-whos-your-one
Joy-Filled Pancakes$My mom is a chef that works countless hours to support her family. One day, she didn't feel well and wanted to stay in bed for a while. I have learned a little about cooking by watching my mom. So, on the day she felt ill, I decided to try to make some pancakes for her. It turns out, watching her really helped! The pancakes were a success and I took them to her room. She enjoyed them quite a bit and they brought a smile back to her face. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1530-joy-filled-pancakes
Door$Yesterday I helped a person who was struggling to ope the door whose backpack was stuck open the door $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1529-door
Who's Your One$My one is my mom because she will always be there for me and always takes care of my sisters and I since day 1 and i'm really happy to be with her and I love her so much. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1528-whos-your-one
Door$Yesterday I helped a person who was struggling to ope the door whose backpack was stuck open the door $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1526-door
My act of kindness$There was this one day that these kids and they dropped some papers and they did not know that they had dropped some papers  and i picked the all up and ran up to the kids and gave them there papers  and they said thank you.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1525-my-act-of-kindness
 My Kindness Story$I had helped my mom with the dishes and cleaning the house and I help my brother with the dog. I helped an injured cat. I never will hurt anyone or anything $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1524-my-kindness-story
Ava$My 'one' is a person. Her name is Ava. She is the sweetest person who always makes me smile. She's the person I wake up for, she is who I aspire to become. She is kind, funny, beautiful, and everything else anyone could want. She is the best best friend anyone could imagine. She is my 'one'.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1523-ava
I help people$Yesterday, I was working on my math assignment and my classmate next to me was struggling, so I helped him and he called me a god. I always to try to help people even though they never help me back, which is kind of triggering. There were many times when this kid, he's is so annoying and always asking me for stuff. He always ask for a pencil and I gave him 2, but he lost it one day later. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1522-i-help-people
Making New Friends$One day, In the third grade, there was a new girl named Angel. No one had been talking to her because she was new. I remember she was crying , so me and my friend Jessica went up to her and asked her if she was ok. She did not reply, so me and my friend decided to sit by her and become her friend. In the end, we became best friends and are STILL best friends. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1521-making-new-friends
The tea about my glasses$I'm kinda blind, if you didn't know. So one day in English I could see perfectly without my glasses because I was close to the board. My friend needed them so I gave them. I'm kind. lmao $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1520-the-tea-about-my-glasses
Someone very wise told me something$There's a old and very wise person I know. She told me when she has extra food she gives it to homeless people. It doesn't sound like much but let me tell you what she told me the reason why she does this. She told me she does this because it makes her feel good. I was surprised when I heard this but it changed my mind on certain topics. People do things not because of kindness but because they want to feel good.  If you help at a shelter you feel proud of what you've accomplished. That is the reason why people do things I guess you could call it greed. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1519-someone-very-wise-told-me
My kindness story$I was walking down the hallway and seen a kid drop his binder. So this girl helped him pick it up and after they were done he gave her a piece of gum. She said thank you and they walked on. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1518-my-kindness-story
I was be kind $One day i saw a girl with  nice  shoe .and i saw mom look nice and i say mom you like nice today. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1517-i-was-be-kind
My Friend$My Friend was really sad about her dog dying so I gave her a hug and some snacks and watched Shrek 2 and she cheered up! She's amazing. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1516-my-friend
KYLA'S  AMAZING$Kyla is a hard working person and i can trust her to help me and she helps me with my work so it is easy to do because she's a nice person. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1515-kylas-amazing
My dad$My dad would always try to make me better and teach me how to do things, i can tell he tries his best to make me and my family the best. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1514-my-dad
Sierra is amazing  $Sierra always brightens my day everyday when i feel sad she always make me happy.Sierra always makes me happy everyday.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1513-sierra-is-amazing
Sam's Example$When I was moved to a new classroom in fourth grade, I was completely lost. I did not have a clue what I was doing nor what we were learning. Sam, a friend still to this day, took me under his wing and taught me. When I couldn't keep up, he showed me what we were doing and explained everything. Since then he has always been there, helping me through drama and understanding certain problems. Sometimes he even volunteers to help me with difficult homework. My world has been improved because of Sam. Now I work on helping other people who are going through some of the same things. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1512-sams-example
My life at elementry$My kindness story is about 1st grade. I had a nice teacher that was helping me do some tricky stuff. Next one is 2nd grade I had fun classmates that were nice to me and I have a very nice 2nd-grade teacher and we play appropriate games in my life. Then it is third grade my teacher Mrs.Jivan she is a beautiful woman and I hugged every grade teacher I had in my School is Smalley before I went to brown junior high school. Then next 4th grade it was Mrs.Stern she is also one of the nicest teachers I ever had in my life but I love everyone in my old school and I made so many friends on my way to graduating some meet me some move away but I will remember them. Then Finally 5th grade 4 very amazing teachers I also did apex fun run while I was there and I had so much fun and before I graduated from 5th grade everyone in my whole school was my friend and I will remember all of my old friends and have new ones. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1511-my-life-at-elementry
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Who's your one$My Parents are very nice to me and my siblings because they are always there for use and my mom does not live with me but is still nice to me and me and my dad get along with each other. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1510-whos-your-one
PoSiTiViTy$i always try to help people who aren't feeling well. I tell them all the things that are positive about them $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1509-positivity
Cheater Cheater Pumpkin eater$So, when I was in math class we had a test. There was a new student that nobody liked and when I looked at the floor I saw a bright light. Then, I looked and BAM! The new kid was on his phone cheating. I said quietly, "Why are you cheating?" Then He replied, " What are you going to do snitch?" I said "I will if you don't stop." I know you think that this isn't nice, but I gave him a second chance.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1508-cheater-cheater-pumpkin-eater
Binder Pick Up Day$I was walking to my 6th period class when a student whom I didn't know was binder checked in the middle of the hallway, I bent down to help them pick up their papers. The teacher saw me and gave me a pass to my next class.  Yay. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1507-binder-pick-up-day
My best friend$My best friend is the one that you will love. When I first met her she lit up my world like the sun. Shes there for me when i'm down. Shes my life, I love her, we'll always be friends. She helped me when i was having a hard time at school. That's why I love my best friend.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1506-my-best-friend
Luggage Struggle$My act of kindness story comes from when I was returning home from my visit to my hometown in Sweden. When I was walking out after getting my luggage, I spotted an old woman, struggling with her own luggage. My mother and I ran over and helped carry her luggage to her car. We asked if she needed any more help; she said no and thanked us.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1505-luggage-struggle
A nice hug$I was having a bad day until my friend came and gave me a hug . He told me that everything was gonna be ok and things were going to get better. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1504-a-nice-hug
Old people being mean$one time i opened the door for some lady at a restaurant. But she didn't say thank you back but  so i got mad. Other people need say thank you when you do something kind. or else it makes me not want to do it.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1503-old-people-being-mean
The Cafeteria $I was in the school cafeteria & i was walking back to my table & a girl had just dropped her milk & I was about to pick it up she had already picked it up.  ` $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1502-the-cafeteria
Sickness$Recently my sister got sick over the weekend and I helped take care of her. I got her water while she was in the bathroom throwing up. I also got her a wet towel for her head when she laid down to rest.  My sister is pretty mean to me 99% of the time but I still wanted to help her out. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1501-sickness
hoos ur 1$people have been nice to me all my life like my parents they always take care of since day one.  if it's anything  i would put it up to my mother. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1500-hoos-ur-1
giving money $one time the person in front of me was short a couple dollars so my mom paid the rest of her bill. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1499-giving-money
A Rainy Day$Once it was raining outside really hard and I had to pick my little brother up from school. It was Valentines day so all the little kids had Valentines boxes. When my brother and I were walking to the car, I saw my friends little sister waking in the pouring rain so I let her walk with us under the umbrella.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1497-a-rainy-day
Just keep the pencil, please.$Literally every english class, this kid, we'll call him dameon, asks me for a pencil. I don't usually give him one, my friend does, but a few times I do decide to give him a pencil. It is pretty kind, but he always loses it and makes up excuses. I just want him to keep the pencil that I give him, it goes over the point of being kind.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1496-just-keep-the-pencil-please
whats your one $one time i was in a hospital when i was young and  i lost a hulk figure and a doctor  gave it back to me . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1495-whats-your-one
Food$Once I was with my friend's family &  wanted some food, so we went to in & out burger.  As we were going through the drive through line my friend's dad said we are going to pay for the people behind us & the cashier smiled & said "awww that's so kind. Are you sure you want to?" Then the person behind us got the news & they smiled real big & then paid for the people behind them.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1494-food
Jayden spaceman$He is always standing  up for people in his class and for his freind's. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1493-jayden-spaceman
Who's your one$My dad and my mom each day my parents work as hard as they could and when where low  on money they still try to make me happy.My brother is a great brother he is kinda mean but that's what brothers are for. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1492-whos-your-one
kindness$Today i am going to be kind by giving somebody a compliment. Also I'm not going to talk about anyone badly. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1491-kindness
acts of kindness$one time i was walking my dog and someone was walking next to me they were walking to the mail and once they opened the mail box all the paper fell out and i went to go help them so she said thank you and i said your welcome also i have another one.  once i have lot my dog and we were freaking out and we went to go ask the whole neighbor hood and someone said that they saw him and took him to the animal shelter and we said thank you. random acts of kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1489-acts-of-kindness
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
My kind friends$My friends always help me with my work and help me with things I can't do most times. Whenever i'm sad or sick my friends always find a way to cheer me up and that makes me feel happy because they care.  My friends also give me a dollar when I sometimes need it to buy something. I always try to make my friends happy and be kind like they are to me.  I am so thankful for having my friends  by my side. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1488-my-kind-friends
Kindness$I save a dog on Januay 4th 2109. The dog name was Apoll.Apoll was cute and funny so i had to take it home. The Apoll didnt want to leave me so i had to call the person to get her. I had to go home and take care of my 4 cats. I love animals because they are cute,funny,and awsome to have or see. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1487-kindness
made food$My step mom made food for the whole family. she got us hot chocolate.  From: Travis sellers estes $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1485-made-food
Ice Cream Rescue$I was walking through the park one day and noticed a little girl crying. Her ice cream had fallen off of the cone she was holding. I asked her if she wanted me to buy another one and she nodded yes. I went over to the ice cream shop and bought her another one. That is my random act of kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1484-ice-cream-rescue
                                                                                  an act of   kindness     $    My cousins grandma  becky is making a  big big bundle of  mates  and quilts made out of the plastic bags for the homeless. I st gouge there  a lot of people of homeless people. I thought that was a random act of kindness.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1483-an-act-of-kindness
The TOY      -Seth Reyes$My mom wanted to go to Red Rock during Christmas time and take pictures in front of a huge Christmas tree. We were all finished taking pictures and then we decided to go to this place and eat. the place was packed with people. We finally got a spot to eat and then we were about to leave. there was a cool looking toy on the floor. I picked it up and then looked at it. Then I decided to give the toy back to the baby kid instead of leaving it there to get lost and never get played with again.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1482-the-toy-seth-reyes
Whos your one$My mom has always been the nicest person i've known. From the moment I was born to now she has always supported me and has been there for me when I needed her, she is the best mom ever! And she makes the world a better place.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1481-whos-your-one
Kindness on Valentine's Day$I got picked up from school and we went home.  When I was at home I put my siblings  Valentines bags. Plus I also helped with my baby sister and I set the table. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1479-kindness-on-valentines-day
Tea$I made my mom tea because she was sick.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1478-tea
Holding the door open$My family had stooped at a gas station in between Nevada and California. I saw a little old lady trying to get through the door, so I held it open for her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1477-holding-the-door-open
A Helping Hand$Someone dropped their binder and all their stuff came out then i helped pick everything up and reorganized their binder $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1476-a-helping-hand
who's your one$I think this person is so nice to me and she was my friend almost half of the year her name is Bailee richards she was like my sister and my other sister is Sierra Herrera they are my best friends until we die. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1475-whos-your-one
My kindness story $one day i was home alone and i did not have anything to do.My mom was picking up my little brother from preschool and  and it usually takes  1-1/2 hours to pick him up.and i wanted to do something nice for my mom while she was doing her thing !So i decided to clean my hole house and i did. when she came home and she was so happy! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1474-my-kindness-story
Giving a Helpful Hand$Once upon a time in long lost place called " Nevada", I was only 11 years old when i gave a helping hand. My dad , mom, and I were walking to the post office. I saw alot of elders and people who were coming out. Instead of going inside the post office, I stood and held the door till everyone was out.Some people didnt even say "Thank You." $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1473-giving-a-helpful-hand
kindness in the school$I was going to my third class of the day of middle school and saw a teacher that needed help opening the door becouse he was a scooter and i saw a boy open the door for her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1472-kindness-in-the-school
meh$One time I got a couple drinks at a 7-11 even though that I had a heavy backpack and carried them home and some to my brothers. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1471-meh
A Simple Way, Making Someone's Day...$One morning I was playing game pigeon with one of my friends, and I was about to lose, but he knew I wanted to win and take a dub. So when he had a chance to win he didn't take it and let me take the dub to make me feel good.  :)) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1470-a-simple-way-making-someones
Bicycling Accident$One day, my dad and I were hanging out and talking about my day. As we were talking, we saw a little girl crying with her bike. We see her fairly often, as she likes to ride her bike around the block. So, we walked up to her and asked what happened. She said that she had crashed. She had fallen off of her bike and scratched up her knee. We helped her into my dad's truck and drove her over to her house. When we arrived, we went up to her door and told her older sister what happened. It made us feel really good to be able to help her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1469-bicycling-accident
Bat Rescue$When I was about 8 years old, my brother, who was 18 then, found an injured baby bat in the middle of the road. He picked it up and tried to help by bringing it inside and trying to feed it. He did his best because he felt bad for the bat. He believed it was probably attacked and had been there for a while. The bat did get a little better and was finally able to move around! My brother kept him for a little while longer until the bat seemed more active and then let it free outside. It stayed in the shade for a bit but by the next day it had flown away. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1467-bat-rescue
The girl who randomly acted kind  $me and my brother were having fun riding our skateboards having fun and this girl saw she offered if we wanted a longboard technically a long skateboard. We said yes and me and my brother took turns going down the hill on it.  i asked myself i really can have this? $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1466-the-girl-who-randomly-acted
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
who's your one$My teacher  is kind to me she gives me candy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1465-whos-your-one
who's your one$My teacher  is kind to me she gives me candy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1464-whos-your-one
kindess$i was in the hallway and i was in a bad mood and my binder fell and all my stuff fell out and then a kind person came over and picked it up with me then told me to have a good day. That made my mood become better. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1463-kindess
Kindness At Home$I see a lot of acts of kindness in my own home. When my mom brings home groceries, I help her bring in the bags. When she asked for a drink, I take her some water. When my aunt asked me if I wanted to go somewhere with her because she didn't want to be alone, I went with her. When my sister needed help, my mom helped her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1462-kindness-at-home
Who's Your One$My Dad is my one because,he let me do anything and he get me lot of thing.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1461-whos-your-one
Friend$Once I helped this girl with her stuff that fell ever where doing so I saw some pictures of shows she liked and artist she's into. Which were the same as mine but even though some weren't I still wanted know what they were about. We bonded over jokes and ended up being very close after that.  I always sat by her at lunch when I saw her alone. When I acted the way I did I got a great friend and someone I could always laugh with. I could never imagine a day without them. -the end $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1460-friend
Act of Kindness$An act of kindness that i have done is me and my family went to an area where poor people were their and we made a bunch of stuff like we got food and body stuff and we went to a place and we gave it to them.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1459-act-of-kindness
Tea sis$I have to be my brothers mom. I have to take care of him and be his mom while my parents aren't home. I have to tell him not to throw knives, not to leave the stove on, to lock the front door. Even though he is 16 years old, I have to be his mom which makes my mom's life easier.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1458-tea-sis
My Random Act of Kindness$It all starts in school where I bought a lot of tiny little heart pins and then i placed them everywhere so when people found this the would be happy. Also in the same vein I held the door open for a lot of people.  Big Yoshi $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1457-my-random-act-of-kindness
Plans to  be Kind$I am going to be kind today by helping people finish their work in spanish and not telling people they're not dumb $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1456-plans-to-be-kind
My Random Acts of Kindness Story$One day my mom was very tired and had to clean my whole house. So I decided to help her so it could be done faster and she wouldn't  have to do it all by herself.  My mom was very surprised when I started cleaning. Then we were getting everything done really fast and we were done way faster than if my mom  had to clean by herself. My mom was very thankful and glad I helped her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1455-my-random-acts-of-kindness
Lulu, the Lost Puppy$I found a lost puppy that had a slightly smudged tag on her collar. I could read that the tag said Lulu and figured the puppy must be lost. I walked to my house with Lulu and asked my mom if we could make posters to help find Lulu's owners. My mom was happy to help so we printed posters right away. We put the posters up in our neighborhood and then waited with Lulu.  Two hours later, we received a phone call and the caller was delighted that we had her Lulu safely in our home! My mom and I took Lulu to her owner and Lulu barked with happiness when we arrived! I was happy to see her with her owner and Lulu looked happy, also. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1454-lulu-the-lost-puppy
kindness$my story is that someone saved a dog from a bus at a high speed  then took it to a  animal hosbtell  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1453-kindness
One Compliment$I am gonna compliment one more person today because they have a pretty sick jacket. So I will compliment him on his sick jacket. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1452-one-compliment
My Hero$I was walking down the street with my headphones in blocking out the sounds of the town. I didn't realize it, but a car was headed straight for me! A random man pushed me out of the way of the car and was hit by it himself. He was in the hospital for a week but did, thankfully, make a full recovery without the need for surgery. I wrote him a letter wishing him wellness and thanking him for his act of kindness. He is my true hero. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1451-my-hero
Shopping Together$One day I saw a kind person helping a woman that was older. He accompanied her to the store just to help her shop. I couldn't see how he was benefitting from it himself in any way! He was simply there to help her. I was surprised at how very generously he gave of his time to help her.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1450-shopping-together
Pencil Saver$Everyday I have every single class with this nice girl she is my friend. Her name is Savannah Henderson.  She gives me a pencil everyday without me even asking. She always makes sure i'm doing the right thing. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1449-pencil-saver
Hamburgers for the Homeless$One day, my family and I decided to do something nice. We went to a fast food place and ordered 200 hamburgers. After we received them, we took all of them out to feed some homeless people.They were very happy! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1448-hamburgers-for-the-homeless
The Internet Inspires $I saw a video where a man gave a homeless person a guitar. It inspired me and encouraged me to want to help the homeless as well. Our family got together to make hot dogs and get them snacks so that they could have a good meal. For almost 3 hours we were out giving to the homeless. I'm glad I saw that video, because it really made me think of ways to help, also. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1447-the-internet-inspires
Feeding the Homeless$One day, my cousin and I went to get pizza for our family. While we were there, we saw a homeless person so we ordered an extra pizza, soda, and bread sticks and gave it all to the homeless man. Another time, when I was with one of my closest friends, we ordered 80 hamburgers and bought a lot of candy and took it all to downtown Las Vegas to give to the homeless. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1446-feeding-the-homeless
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Honesty$I am honest. I don't lie.  I tell people the facts. I never lie to people, even if it hurts. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1445-honesty
Kindness act$One day my mom was packing for a trip. I helped her pack, she handed me the clothes and I put them in her suitcase. She was very thankful and was happy I helped. She was tired and so I helped her so she wasn't even more tired. I put away a lot of clothes and I helped her pack shoes and other things.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1444-kindness-act
Money should i?$I was walking when a guys money clip fell out and i gave it back to the guy he was so happy because he could buy a snack. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1443-money-should-i
My random act of kindness $Today I complimented my friend Alicia  Lu , her hair is very curly and i really love it. I also complimented her shoes because they look nice  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1440-my-random-act-of-kindness
kindness $one time this girl was at recess in third grade, and when she tripped i helped her up and played with her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1439-kindness
Random Act Of Kindness $The Thing i did to show Random Acts Of Kindness are helping people with their work if they have a hard time on it .   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1437-random-act-of-kindness
food$my family and I were on the entrance to the freeway  and a homeless man was asking for help we had left over fast food and we gave him the leftover food. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1436-food
An act of Kindness$One day I have seen a kind person helping a woman that was older. He was there to help her shop and  was not getting a prize. He was fine with that he was there just to help. To me that was very generous of him. He was there for a hour just to help. To me and hopefully everyone thinks that was a act of kindness.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1435-an-act-of-kindness
Kindness $One time I was soo kind and I made dinner for my mom. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1434-kindness
The good story $My story is about my mom giving a homeless man a $100 giftcard to a food outlet. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1433-the-good-story
My random Act of Kindness$I went to my Computer graphics class and I sat next to my friend Jessica Borjas.  I complimented her hair because it was down and pretty. I like her shoes.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1432-my-random-act-of-kindness
best friend$ so i was at the dollar store with my best friend and we went to the bathroom and there was a homeless person in the bathroom sleeping we put $10 NEXT TO HER. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1431-best-friend
New Girl$In elementary school, I was kind of a jerk. However, midway-through, I had a change of heart. One time there was this new girl. I had heard about like sitting with kids who are new, so I sat with her. We were friends for the rest of the year! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1430-new-girl
Bullied No More$One day I received an act of kindness. I was getting bullied when I was younger. The girls would always tease me because I was fat or I dressed like a boy. When one of the girls pushed me, another girl came behind me and asked if I was okay. Then she helped me up. Now today I chat with her from time to time, even though I left that school. I'm doing really well now and I want to help others like she helped me. She made me believe that there's someone out there in the world who is kind and nice enough to ask if you're okay. For me, that made all of the difference. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1429-bullied-no-more
My older sister is the person who inspired me to be kind$My older sister is the person who inspired me to be kind. She is very humble and weird to where she always makes me laugh. So she had inspired me to have a sense of humor and if the mood is upset I can make it fun and joyful. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1428-my-older-sister-is-the
Tag, You're It!$One day, in third grade, my friends were playing tag. There was a girl named Emma sitting in the corner, just watching us play tag. I started to walk in her direction to ask her to play tag with us. While I was walking, a girl came up and started making fun of her. I decided to be brace and stood up for her in front of the mean girl. Then I asked her if she wanted to play with us. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1427-tag-youre-it
Be Respectful$I went on a field trip and i saw this homeless man being treated poor so i gave him some money and talked to him about life. he mentioned that life was hard for him and he couldn't find work and that this money would help him a lot. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1426-be-respectful
be caring$a man was sad and homeless so we gave him our dinner because he was very hungry porbably $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1425-be-caring
the car ride$yesterday was valentines and it was raining. and i was going to walk in the rain but my mom came. then she told my friend to get in the car . and we were talking and laughing. and that was kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1424-the-car-ride
The Bracelet Or The Tootsie$Me and my friend were at an arcade/go kart place and we earned enough tickets to either get candy, or this one bracelet. My friend really wanted the bracelet, it had little flowers on it in a light blue color, while me. Heh, I wanted that candy before I had my braces put on, as it would be one of the last times I could enjoy tootsie rolls for 2 years. We saw and we only had enough for one or the other, even after scrounging the arcade for lost tickets that have lost their way. I let out a sigh and looked over at my friend, she really wanted that bracelet. I went up to the ticket guy and said "One bracelet please." My friend looked quite happy about it. I'm pretty sure she's lost it by now though, and even if it was a random act of kindness, she has never done anything for me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1423-the-bracelet-or-the-tootsie
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Cleaning for Mom$One day I was home alone and did not have anything to do. My mom was out picking up my little brother from preschool, which usually takes her about 90 minutes. I wanted to do something nice for my mom while she was taking care of my brother. I decided to clean our whole house for her. When she came home to a clean house, she was so happy! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1421-cleaning-for-mom
The Random Dollar$One day I was in lunch and I had one dollar that I was going to spend on the student store. I was walking to go get some chips when i felt my pocket and my dollar was not there. I started to walk back to my seat when someone stopped me and said "I noticed that you lost your dollar so I will give you mine." I thanked her and got some of my favorite chips. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1420-the-random-dollar
Helping Out$The other day I was on duty in the lunchroom. To be honest, that is quite a hard job. It is not at all easy to monitor 600 students and everything that goes along with that: having them pick up their own trash, talking back or swearing, and everyday issues that come up with so many students in one place. We were dismissing tables from the lunch room, but there was one table that still had trash on it. I asked the students to pick up the trash and most of them ignored me. I went to pick it up, but a student came by who had not been sitting at that table, and picked it up for me without being asked. Little things like that just make the day so much better and shows me that people are really good and want to make the world better. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1419-helping-out
Compliment From a Stranger$While I was waiting to start swim practice, I was walking up and down the little hallway by the pool. There was a lady that was walking around in the pool area and watching me pace back and forth. As I was about to go back up the hallway, she complimented me on my hair and said every time I took a step, my hair bounced. When she said that it brightened up my day! I had a wonderful rest of the day after that. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1418-compliment-from-a-stranger
someone in front  of me$i let someone get in front of me for lunch. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1417-someone-in-front-of-me
Helping Grandma Clean$Last weekend, I went to my grandma's house and helped her clean. I vacuumed, mopped, and cleaned the bathroom. She is not able to clean because she has terrible arthritis. My grandpa still works, so I know she appreciated me doing some of the cleaning for her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1416-helping-grandma-clean
Give food to homeless people$I bought 3 boxes of pizza from dominoes. Then we gave 1 box to a homeless people.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1415-give-food-to-homeless-people
Troubling Locker$As I walked to my locker in the morning, I noticed we had a new student. I didn't quite think anything of it and left to sit at the tables as I normally do. At the end of the day, I noticed the new student was having trouble opening his locker. Since no one was helping him, I asked if he needed help. He said yes so I helped open his locker for him. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1414-troubling-locker
Good Hair Day$Someone told me they liked my hair and it made me feel good. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1413-good-hair-day
My sister gave me some candy !$So yesterday i didnt get a lot of valentines day candy so my little sister gave m a couple pieces of candy and i ate them happily. so thank you to my little sister. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1412-my-sister-gave-me-some
free money$I  was walking the street and a homeless man ask for a dollar so i gave it to him because its the write thing to do. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1410-free-money
A Struggle$My mom and dad were going through a divorce and she was battling depression. I stood by her even though she was having a hard time. I also did my best when she turned to drugs and managed to even get her to stop for a while. Sadly, she died of an overdose. But I choose to remember the good things about her instead of the bad. That whole situation made me stronger in a way, also. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1409-a-struggle
Skateboarding :D$I went skating in my backyard and my sister Alexis said I was doing  good :D $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1408-skateboarding-d
my mom$when my mom gave birth to me $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1407-my-mom
The Lady at Walmart $Yesterday at Walmart a guy was trying to buy Ramen and roses, but his card got declined. The lady behind us bought it for him. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1406-the-lady-at-walmart
The Dirt Bike Crash$I was riding dirtbikes with my dad and having a great time! But, then he crashed and was hurt. I had to take him to the medic. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1405-the-dirt-bike-crash
How I helped a lady with her dog$I was walking down the street. I saw a lady struggling with her new dog so I went over to her and helped her by calming the dog down.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1404-how-i-helped-a-lady
A Kind Day$One day my mother was sick was the flu and she had to take care of my ittle brother becuase he was also sick. Instead I took care of him myself so my mom could relax. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1403-a-kind-day
Little Dog Lost$My little dog likes to sneak out a lot. One time she got out and we had no idea where she had gone. A woman called and said that she had found our dog; we were surprised! My sister called to tell me where she was and I went to the woman's house. When I got there, she was sitting on the sidewalk with my dog, just waiting patiently. The lady was so nice and when I got home with my dog I was so thankful for her kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1402-little-dog-lost
In Q's Honor$My cousin, Q, died on October 1. Since then, my family has done random acts of kindness in his honor. For instance, we like to pay for the person behind us in drive-thru restaurants. Doing this helps keep his memory alive in our hearts. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1401-in-qs-honor
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
The Chocolates$Yesterday was Valentine's Day. A couple of guys in my English class were sad because they did not get anything. I felt bad because I had gotten a lot of chocolate and candy. I knew I wasn't going to eat it all. I gave each of the guys a piece of my chocolate. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1400-the-chocolates
chairs$ i put down chairs for my classroom and by myself $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1399-chairs
The rice crispy treat $My dads really old friend (he is like 83 years old) gave me 3 rice crispy treats but non to no one else and so I saw my sister looking like she wanted one but didn't want to ask so it didn't seem like begging so I gave her one to eat and she took it and looked happy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1398-the-rice-crispy-treat
World Series Surprise$Submitted by Allegra Batista On a night when I was waiting to work a concert at STAPLES Center and had a few hours to kill, I was posted up alone in my boss' office watching Game 3 of the 2018 World Series. It was the first home game at Dodger Stadium. As most of the office had already left for the night, I was surprised to hear footsteps coming down the hall. It was another colleague who had an extra ticket to the World Series game and insisted I join them! They also, quite coincidentally, were going to attend the concert at STAPLES Center! We ended up going together to Dodger Stadium and begrudgingly leaving in the 10th inning to go back to work. I was able to still watch the last few innings of the game once the concert ended with the STAPLES Center team, as the game went for 18 innings. It was an amazing night! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1392-world-series-surprise
Lost Keys and Kindness$Submitted by Christopher Stefanic At the end of a long day last year, when I was still a temporary employee, I was gearing up to leave. It had been an emotional day, which had lent me to taking lunch in my car to just relax. As I was leaving the building, I noticed my car keys were missing. After searching my bag and jacket pockets for about five minutes, I began to get frantic. I dashed out to my car to look inside, thinking that maybe I accidentally left my car keys in the car when I locked it after lunch. It certainly wouldn't have been the first or even second time! Berating myself for the "lunkhead that I can sometimes be" when I get emotional or stressed, I ran back inside, checking my bag and pockets continuously, going over and over and over, until it felt like I was going to go crazy. What an awful way to end an already not-so-good day. As I returned to my suite, Joe Herrera, head of HR, was leaving for the day and noticed my state of mind, and that something was wrong. I briefly described to him what was happening, then dashed out to my car for a second look out there again. By now I was sweating bullets, as I had someplace I needed to be. I probably lost all reason in terms of my search methods by this point, and as I was running back, dreading how much it was going to be to call a locksmith or a tow truck to come up in the TCW garage and unlock the car for me, I saw Joe in the garage. He calmly walked over and asked me if I needed any help. Full of pride and anxiety, I told him it wasn't necessary and I'd figure it out. He then told me it was no bother, and that he had an account with AAA, that he would happily call them for me so I wouldn't have to pay for a tow truck. He meant it, too; it wouldn't have been any trouble at all. After an instance of really thinking it over, not feeling like I was worth his time, being that I was only a temp and hadn't really interacted with him very much, let alone his position with the company, a rush of calm came over me. In front of me was a successful role model of a person at this company where I was interested in working that was willing to help me out like that. It may not have been a big deal to Joe, or in the greater scheme of things, but to me it made world of differences on many levels. It acted as both a welcoming gesture that stood more or less from the company as well, it showed that I had a team member and an ally that would be there, and instantly assuaged any further anxieties I had about the job or my future there. At a loss for words, all I could do was thank him profusely. I went inside to grab one more thing and as irony always has it, LO! There were my keys under my desk! I updated Joe and thanked him once more and we both went with ease our separate ways into the Friday night. I have experienced many random acts of kindness at AEG, but this one still resonates the most. The myriad of ways I was affected positively has indeed left a lasting impression. I try to uphold this example and act as a positive influence over whatever situation or problem comes my way, and it certainly isn't a bother to me, either. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1391-lost-keys-and-kindness
Annabel $Annabel inspires me every single day with her kindness, positivity and outlook.  She is kind to everyone she meets and never expects anything in return. She brightens my life  and is a ray of sunshine in lots of people’s lives. She makes this world a much better, kinder and happier place.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1390-annabel
Sean Najarro$Submitted by Drake Schreiter This man gave me a chance. He believed in me when nobody else did. Although I had no experience in the industry, he hired me on at the Los Angeles Convention Center as a Guest Services Supervisor. He saw potential in me. While working at LACC, I accomplished many milestones and worked with some of the most influential people in the industry. He doesn’t know how highly I think of him as we only worked together for a year, but I want him and everyone to know that I appreciate him from the bottom of my heart. Thank you, Sean! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1388-sean-najarro
Taking me under their wing$Submitted by Robert Olivares This is really a continuing R.A.K. story. My co-worker Jorge has really always been there for me. Since the very beginning when we first started working at LA Live in 2007, he has essentially taken me under his wing, teaching me and guiding me on a daily basis.  We both have different projects we work on, daily and weekly, but he makes every effort to go out of his way to assist and check up on me, and to overall make every work day even more enjoyable and fun. That type of kindness and leadership, in my eyes, is what makes every day at work great. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1387-taking-me-under-their-wing
Dog Walking$My friends and I walked dogs in my neighborhood as a Random Act of Kindness service project. We decided to do this because we wanted to help people that can't walk their own dogs. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1386-dog-walking
In Tom's Memory$Submitted by Ivette Soberano Tom was a Security Supervisor at the Los Angeles Convention Center. He was like a father figure. Although he passed in August of 2018, I still wish for him to be recognized for his kindness and hard work! He was genuine in everything that he did. Thank you Tom! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1385-in-toms-memory
Family Ties$This story didn't happen to me directly. I heard it shortly after I was hired which immediately cemented the fact that I made the right choice in joining the AEG family. One of my co-workers was in dire straights because her husband had recently been diagnosed with cancer. A few weeks prior, when he suddenly became ill but before the diagnosis, my co-worker had to use all of her sick hours to assist him because they couldn't afford a private nurse. Stressed and without options, my co-worker was at her wits' end on what to do. One member of her work family stepped up and, with the company's approval, was allowed to transfer their PTO hours so that she could spend her husband's remaining hours of life at his side. Shortly thereafter he passed away. My co-worker expressed to me the appreciation, love, and support she felt from her AEG family. Friends ask me what I you like about working for AEG; I simply tell them "AEG gets it". They get what is important. They value family, health, community, acknowledging an employee's hard work, and giving employees a fair shot to compete and grow. I could not ask for more. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1384-family-ties
Coffee, Food, and Tires; Oh My!$Submitted by Tiffany Avera My co-worker, Nick Barrett, is one of the kindest people I have ever met. He randomly leaves coffee and food on my desk for me. He makes sure everyone has lunch when he goes to get his. He has changed a tire for me when I got a flat at lunch. He will help anyone at any time and is the type of person to give you the shirt off his back! We need more people like Nick in this world! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1383-coffee-food-and-tires-oh
Sarah’s Snacks$Submitted by Zach Ambrose Sarah Chang shows kindness to not only myself but our entire office each and every day. She is one of the most selfless people I know. One specific example is Sarah’s candy bowl. Everyone knows that if you get a mid-day sweet tooth, Sarah will have something for you. Whenever you stop by her desk, she will drop what she is doing and have a conversation with you, ask how your day is going, plans for the weekend, how your family is etc. She truly cares about you and connects on a personal level. Sarah goes out of her way and purchases snacks and candy to make sure everyone else is having a great day. She’s just a kind person overall! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1382-sarah-s-snacks
Larry Vallon - have you ever met the man?$Submitted by Mark Girton My story is simply:  Every time I ever talked to Larry Vallon.  I could write a book and I know I'm not alone here, but I'll keep it simple.  I would not be here without Larry.  Love him.  Mentor, Friend, Professional, Legend.  We are all Blessed to have been able to work with him.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1381-larry-vallon-have-you
Dannia Beach$It turns out that cleaning up the beach is no easy task! My friend and I cleaned up a beach in Hollywood called Dannia. We collected about 35 pounds of trash! In the end, we were both very tired but it was all worth it! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1380-dannia-beach
RAK at Manatee Bay Elementary Washington Project $cleaning up the beach is not an easy task. me and my friend cleaned up a beach in Hollywood that's called Dannia. we collected about 35  pounds of trash! at the end we were tired, but it was all worth it! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1379-rak-at-manatee-bay-elementary
Fort Laura-Dale Beach$To help my community, I went to the beach to clean up trash. Fort Laura-Dale Beach wasn't incredibly dirty, but there was some trash. I worked for about an hour and, quite honestly, found the work to be quite fun. It was a much better experience than I expected it to be! I was surprised at how much trash there was; I picked up wrappers, bags, food, bottles, and more. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1378-fort-laura-dale-beach
RAK at Manatee Bay Elementary Washington Project$One time I was at my church I wanted to help my teacher for the class. I wanted to help give out food.Also I put out chairs for the kids to sit in. And everytime someone says a verse from the bible correctly I will pass out the candy I also help the computer screens to help put on the screen. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1377-rak-at-manatee-bay-elementary
RAK at Manatee Bay Elementary Washington project  $I picked up trash all over the beach which helped the wildlife to survive and to make the beaches safer for us too. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1376-rak-at-manatee-bay-elementary
RAK at manatee bay elementary washington project$My community service project project was selling lemonade. I was working with my friend Nicolas to sell the lemonade. We gave the $37 we earned to a homeless shelter. That was my community service project.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1375-rak-at-manatee-bay-elementary
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
RAK  at Manatee Bay Elementray Washington Project$My  goal was to go to the beach and pick up trash from that sand.  And i did. I always wanted to help pick up trash because i do not like seeing trash on the floor and when people throw trash on the floor they just think its the garbage can. And I always wanted to help the community. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1374-rak-at-manatee-bay-elementray
Clubhouse Clean Up$My neighborhood was fairly clean around the houses, but when I went to the clubhouse to swim in the pool, I noticed that it was an incredibly dirty area! When my sister needed to walk our dog, I decided to go with her so I could clean up the trash in that area. I picked up the trash at the playground and gave it to the trash man. He thanked me for my hard work. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1373-clubhouse-clean-up
Saving the Turtles$My community service project assignment was to go to the beach and pick up trash. One of the reasons I wanted to do this project is because I knew it would help marine animals such as turtles not to accidentally mistake trash for food and eat it. I worked with two of my friends to help accomplish this goal. We found plastic bags, toothpicks, plastic bottles, broken tools, worn-out gloves dug deep into the sand, old cloth, and other random materials. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1372-saving-the-turtles
RAK at Manatee Bay Elementary Washington Project$I went to the beach to do a clean up with one of my friends. We picked up toothbrushes, straws, plastic, bottle caps, etc. There was a lot of trash. We even saw another two people cleaning the beach too. It took some work, but me and my friend picked up as much as we can. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1371-rak-at-manatee-bay-elementary
RAK at Manatee Bay Elementary Washington Project$What I did First was getting a group of friends to see were they are going and what they are doing. Secondly was set a goal. Third of all we agreed to go the beach and get supplies to clean up the beach. fourth of all we cleaned up the beach. Final of all we finished and move on to the next thing $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1370-rak-at-manatee-bay-elementary
Chess with Help$For my community service project, I went to a senior home. I played chess with a senior named Hela. The residents were all very nice. At first, I was very nervous but after spending some time with them I wasn't nervous anymore and I even enjoyed myself. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1369-chess-with-help
Lemonade for Charity$My friend Enzo did a lemonade stand with me. First, we gathered our supplies. Then, we wemt to my house and started selling our lemonade. We sold first to my neighbors and then we sold to other cars that passed by. We earned $37 in total. My parents helped us donate the cash to a homeless shelter. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1368-lemonade-for-charity
RAK at manatee bay Washington Project$I went to a nercing  home for my project. The nercing home has old people that are sick.  So i  was going to meet a old woman for my project . She had soda to drink. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1367-rak-at-manatee-bay-washington
RAK at Manatee Bay elemantary washington project$For my act of kindness I went to the beach and cleaned up about 5 Lb of trash of of the beach. I found straws bottle caps and other. This can be really bad for the environment and animals. I helped a the environment if I did not clean up that trash then an animal could've mistaken it for food. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1366-rak-at-manatee-bay-elemantary
RAK at Manatee Bay Elementary Washington Project$One day at fifth grade we had a MLK service project. I decided just to pick up some trash since it would be helpful while being pretty easy since we had a lot around our neighborhood. We had to fill out a paper with some photos which too bad I'm writing this on a different computer so sadly I don't have the photos. Anyway, we set a goal which mine was to fill at least two bags. Well later on Sunday it was raining but we still decided to pick up trash. After, I got onto canvas and went to submit my assignment. That was all for the project. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1365-rak-at-manatee-bay-elementary
RAK at Manatee Bay ElementaryWashington Project$My cummutative service project was to go to clean a park when i get there all the  grass was full of trash in the most part  of the park i bring gloves and a bag and start cleaning up all the trash were rapers of gum  and cookies  when i finish i saw more trash but there were bottles then when i  finish all i throw them to the trash and i finish my service project and that was my service project.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1364-rak-at-manatee-bay-elementarywashington
RAK at Manatee Bay Elementary Washington Project$I went to the beach to pick up trash. I found alot of things like plastic bags, cans, and water bottles. The reason I did this is so dogs, birds, and turtle dont choke on the trash. After this I felt very good and I am thinking of doing this again. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1363-rak-at-manatee-bay-elementary
RAK at Manatee Bay Elementary Washington project$My community project was to walk people's dogs. It helps people save time and do the important stuff. It also gives people time to relax. Also, if they don't have time to walk their dog, we can do it. Dogs need a lot of exercise so it would be great if the owners need to go somewhere and i can do it for them and save time. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1362-rak-at-manatee-bay-elementary
RAK at manatee Bay Elementry Washington project$i went to the beach with my friends and it was awsome. i went to the beach because it helps the enviorment and it saves tons of animals lifes.  And i love to see when animals and the beach get cleaned and i love when animals survive. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1361-rak-at-manatee-bay-elementry
RAK at Manatee Bay Elementary Washington project$cleaning and picking up trash around my grandmas neighborhood while using rakes and my brother helped me to. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1360-rak-at-manatee-bay-elementary
rak at manatee bay elementary Washington project$me and my brother rounded up our cloths to donate. Mrs Washington told us one day to do a communitee project for the world no matter how small. then I asked my mom what to do.she told us she was planning to donate our cloths that don't fit.my dad drove us to goodwill.and we are happy to give people cloths who need them. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1359-rak-at-manatee-bay-elementary
rak at manatee bay elementry washington project$My project was about picking up trash up at the beach.I think this project was kind because if any animals eat that it might die. my goal was to  make the safest place.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1358-rak-at-manatee-bay-elementry
Manatee Bay Elementary #RAK WASHINGTON/ALLISON 5TH GRADE$I went to downtown Miami beach and we picked up garbage from the ocean. I picked up 15 cans of soda, 7 candy wrappers, and 34 water bottles. I enjoyed this because now I know I helped the world. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1357-manatee-bay-elementary-rak-washington-allison
manatee bay elementry#RAK washington/allison5th grade$I went to goodwill Florida. First we collected clothes  .Then me and my mom organized them.Then we went to goodwill then we donated the clothes to goodwill.last goodwill thanked us. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1355-manatee-bay-elementry-rak-washington-allison5th-grade
Neighborhood Helper$I walked in my neighborhood and picked up all the trash on the sidewalk. First my mom and I got a trash bag and gloves and then we walked down the sidewalk. We picked up all the trash that we could find on the sidewalk. Then we went to the lake in our back yard and picked up all the trash that we could see in the lake area, also. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1354-neighborhood-helper
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Manatee Bay Elementary #RAK Washington/Allison 5th grade$I went to Regional Park and picked up trashes. We first picked a park where we can pick the trashes. Then we picked a date and time to pick up trashes when it is good. Then we gathered the volunteers and we made a plan where to pick up first. And then we went to the park and had fun picking up trashes. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1353-manatee-bay-elementary-rak-washington-allison
Manatee Bay Elementary #RAK Washington/Allison 5th Grade$I went with my mom to pick up as much trash as possible of Dania beach. My plan  is to get my items next, drive to the beach with supplies then, take pictures to send to my teacher last, advise her that I sent the pictures to her.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1352-manatee-bay-elementary-rak-washington-allison
manatee bay elementary #RAK Washington/ Allison 5th grade$I went to donate toys at my church for the  unfortunate. my action plan was to  first dive to church  visit the class rooms ask who needs toys inform the paste give out toys  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1351-manatee-bay-elementary-rak-washington
manatee bay elementary#RAK  Washington/Allison$i went to the beach to clean  up the area because i really don't like seeing other and animals get hurt. My plan was to find the beach i was going to, find others to help, find out how to get there, get supplies like buckets and nets.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1350-manatee-bay-elementary-rak-washington-allison
Manatee Bay Elementary #RAK Washington/Allison 5th Grade$I went to the Park in Pembroke Pines .First, i went to the Pembroke Pines park.Then i looked every so i can see if their trash.Then when i saw trash i picked it up.After that i throw it in the Garbage can. Finally before i left i made sure there was no trash at the Park. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1349-manatee-bay-elementary-rak-washington-allison
Joy at the Hospital$For our school's Day To Serve, I went to Joe Dimaggio Children's Hospital. My mom, my brother, and I bought toys for them first and then headed to the hospital to drop off the toys and some clothes for kids that are residents there. I even met some new friends while we were there. I was so excited. I could tell they were happy and so was I. I felt good about myself, because I knew that I was trying to help the community. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1348-joy-at-the-hospital
Manatee Bay Elementary#RAK day Washington/Allison 5th grade$I went to Holy wood beach and did a beach clean up . I found a lot of nasty stuff. my plan was to get a bag some latex gloves and clean. my goal was important beacause all the animals that live on the beach eat that stuff. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1347-manatee-bay-elementary-rak-day-washington-allison
Manatee Bay Elementary #RAK WASHINGTON/Allison 5th Grade$I went to the Dania Beach in FL to pick trash. I picked up trash with my dad and my brother. I was making the beach clean. I was using the supplies that were 2 plastic bags. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1346-manatee-bay-elementary-rak-washington-allison
Manatee Bay Elementary #RAK Washington/ Allison 5th grade $My family and I went to Plantation Florida park and picked up the trash form the park like soda cans, bags and other things i used a trash bag and gloves to pick it up the trash so this was my story for what is did as my random acted of kidness $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1345-manatee-bay-elementary-rak-washington
Cookies and Games$I went to a senior center and played board games with the residents. I also brought along some home-baked cookies for them. We played Monopoly, Sorry, and other games. The seniors enjoyed the cookies and board games and asked us to come back again. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1344-cookies-and-games
Kindness$I once helped a kid who was being picked on  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1343-kindness
Kindness Gives Back$I volunteer at a hospital near me. I am currently 16, and I was assisting an elderly lady to the area she needed to go. On our way there, she asked about me and how I am able to volunteer. We had gotten off to a great start. Once we reached our destination, I saw her appointment wasn't for another 45 minutes. I sat with her until the nurse came to take her. When she left, she thanked me for talking to her and said I was like a son to her. It honestly made my day and I could see it made her day, too. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1342-kindness-gives-back
Gift of Sound$My son is partially deaf. His boss and coworkers gave him hearing aids for his birthday! What a great gift! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1341-gift-of-sound
So Cold!$One morning I was walking to work when I saw an older woman sitting on the ledge of a building. She was shivering and looked absolutely miserable. I took my coat off and gave it to her. I had another coat in the office which was only 1 block away so I knew it wouldn't be a big deal for me, but could make her life a little better. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1340-so-cold
Helping Hand $One day at gymnastics practice I was trying to learn a new skill and could not quite do it. My friend Kaylynn decided to help me . She started off by teaching me how to do the skill properly. She gave me a couple of tips on how to get it right and then she started spotting me. After several attempts, I finally started landing it. For the next couple of days, I worked on it with a spotter. I was landing every single one so Kaylynn asked if I wanted to do it by myself. I started doing it by myself but could not land it on my own. Every time I tried, I fell before I had a chance to put my feet down. I tried all practice long to do it but didn't succeed . At practice the next day Kaylynn spotted me one time and I finally did it on my own. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1339-helping-hand
Teaming with people$One day I was playing Fortnite and I landed Loot Lake before I had to play with Zack. So I landed and I got a gun before someone else, but instead of hurting him I teamed with him then his teammate came over and I somehow teamed with as well. Then we were by container and we were knocking and finishing kids left and right. Then a random DEFAULT comes over and tries to team with us, and then we were a team of 4. The Default told horrible stories of what happened to his teammate´s and the bullying he had gone through. Then after a little while we had to go up against a squad of DARK BOMBERS AND RED KNIGHTS. We fought and knocked 3 and finished 1 but then we got 3rd partied and got killed, the story had ended the teaming was over. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1338-teaming-with-people
Looking for a house$                  Once my family and I went looking for a house to move to.  I had a wrestling meet that day so we might not be there in time to look at the house.  We made it there ten minutes before the open house was over  then it was past the time for it to close so then we were saying bye and thank you to the person there then she said you  can keep looking if we wanted and she also said that she would no kick us out.we looked for another half hour .. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1337-looking-for-a-house
Cleaning Helper$One day I noticed that my mom needed help cleaning the house. So I asked if I could help with anything. Of course she said yes, so I asked what I could help her with. She said only to clean my room, but instead of only cleaning my room I cleaned the living room, my mom's room, and my sister's room. After I finished cleaning, my mom came up to me and said, "Thank you for all your help! I really appreciate it." After that, she gave me a big hug. She finally had the opportunity to relax and take time for herself. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1336-cleaning-helper
Recovering From Baby Loss$One day my mom's pregnant friend found out that her baby no longer had a heartbeat. As soon as she found out, she called my mom. I was only 7 so I don't remember much, but one thing I do remember is that we went straight to the hospital. My mom wanted to help her get home because her husband was deployed and she was completely alone. The only good part was that we donated all the baby stuff to homeless that could not afford stuff for their own babies. After that we went to the movies to try to cheer her up. Then her husband came home and we had to break the news to him. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1335-recovering-from-baby-loss
Special Foster Dog$When my family was fostering animals, we housed a dog that had just had a leg surgery. Even though the dog had metal things in his leg and a cast, he was always so playful. I would always play with him when he needed it. We would take him to the vet about once a month and I would let him sit on me on the way there, even if it was uncomfortable. At the vet, I would stand next to him to keep him calm. Also, I already had 2 other dogs that I would play with, but I would always make time for him or sometimes let him join. I would always try to take him on walks and if his leg started to hurt I would stop and turn around because I wouldn't want him to have his leg hurt too bad. I would make sure he had the best time when he wasn't at the vet. His favorite things were belly scratches, meatball treats, chew toys, and my family and me. I am so glad I got the chance to have him as a dog and I learned a lot of stuff about dogs with disabilities. I am very happy for his new family, but also a bit jealous. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1334-special-foster-dog
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Honesty is Courageous$One day at school I was doing my math and was having trouble. My head was spinning and I was so confused! The math work was due the next day and I thought I would never finish. Just as I was losing hope and getting more and more frustrated with myself, my teacher came over and asked how I was doing. I was going to say I was doing fine because I felt embarrassed to tell the truth. I thought and thought and finally admitted that I was confused. She pulled me over to the yellow table for more support. She talked me through it and I finally understood! I finished my work and handed it in. I could have said I'm fine, but what good would that have done. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1332-honesty-is-courageous
Kindness starts with one donation $One day a man was thinking, "Maybe I should donate because I'm not poor anymore and because someone donated to me and changed my life?"The man walked along the street for a while until he found someone, the man that he found was curled up with a sign that said "Please donate, I have no food or water and am about to run out of clothes" The man said "I will donate" The man donated as much money as he could and when the poor person woke up he saw the man donating and said thank you very much. Ten years later when the man that donated a lot of his money got poor and the man he donated to found him on the street and donated back to him. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1331-kindness-starts-with-one-donation
Working Together$In my fifth grade class, my friend needed help. He needed to finish the math homework on time so we worked together on it. Once we got started he seemed to get the hang of it which made it easier for both of us. After some time we realized we had a problem: we were missing a piece of the puzzle. We had to find the piece so we searched the area but found nothing. Later, an idea popped into our heads: maybe it was in his folders! So we checked, but still nothing so we were left with asking the teacher. We went to the teacher and asked her if we had thrown it out but we were certain we had not thrown it away. After some time of searching we were left to get a new puzzle and find out which piece was missing. That took us a long time but we found it and finished the puzzle with minutes to spare. At the end of class we turned in and got everything right! The thing that made us friends, though, wasn't getting everything right. Instead, it was the process of working through our problems to get a solution and we were no longer just friends we had a really close friendship. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1330-working-together
Kindness 1 Spoonful At A Time$I've shown kindness to people by working at the local soup kitchen. We make soup for the homeless and others who couldn't afford food. I helped make the soup, but I also played with a kid that was there. It was fun and it made his day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1327-kindness-1-spoonful-at-a
Mom & Dad$My mom and Dad always give me random acts of kindness. I mean they brought us into this world, right? That's random. They get me stuff I didn't know I wanted. They have raised me and brought me in. They trust me with almost everything I do. They let me have fun, play games, hang out with my friends, and they take me to really cool places too. They are never selfish, they care about mostly me, my sister, and are happiness. I don't know what I would do without them! They are so nice and are always concerned about my safety. Just to make sure we are safe. They care about my health, and if something is wrong they will do something right away. Who really knows how to live without your parents. They are the nicest people I know. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1326-mom-dad
Teamwork Makes the Dream Work$We had a food drive one time at our school. I had already turned mine in, but my friend didn´t. He was turning it in for all of his siblings and himself, so there was a lot of bags. School was about to start and he just got the bags dropped off at the office. I was in the cafeteria, about to eat my breakfast, when he walked in and told me, ¨Hey, I´m gonna be late to class today.¨ ¨Why's that?¨ I asked him. He responded, ¨I have to bring all of my food drive cans to the classroom, and my brothers don´t want to help out.¨ I thought for a moment, and as he was walking out, I called after him. ¨Wait!¨ I yelled. He turned. ¨I´ll help,¨ I said. He argued, ¨No, really, its fine. I´ll get there a few minutes after the lesson star....¨ I interrupted, ¨No, let me help.¨ We might have finished late, but we still got there before the first lesson. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1325-teamwork-makes-the-dream-work
Helping the World$One day, I was outside and was feeling generous. So I put on some gloves, grabbed a bag, and began picking up trash. This wasn't helping someone or someone helping me; I was helping the world. This may seem gross to some, but I knew I was helping everyone on earth feel better. And not just that, but also the food we eat, too. Now how can you save the world and the people we all love? You can help pick up trash, too. You don't have to do this every day but try to at least do it twice a year. Imagine everyone picking up a piece of trash to help!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1324-helping-the-world
Fixing My Scrape$One quiet day, I was at Rehoboth Beach with my family and grandparents. It was almost dinnertime so we decided to take a walk/scooter ride around the neighborhood. I was having fun riding my scooter with my sister. She started to tell me to ride the scooter like a skateboard and it looked like it was fun and easy so I tried it out. I did good on my first try, but on my second try I fell and got scraped on the sharp sidewalk! "Oh no!" my family screamed. My scrape was blossoming with fresh blood every second. My dad held me up as we quickly tried to walk back to the house. When we got there, my whole family supported me as we got the scrape clean and bandaged. Their helpfulness and persistence helped me to feel a whole lot better inside and out. Their actions were really generous and kind. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1323-fixing-my-scrape
Running to Beat Cancer$One morning my mom came across a website to sign up for a 5k run to donate to cancer. As soon as my mom heard this idea, she loved it. She told me that she wanted to do it, and so did I. I've been doing it for three years now and every year I do it I get really excited. I mean, let's be honest: who's sad when they are helping people with cancer?! You can either run or walk, but I run every year. It's good because you're exercising AND helping cure cancer! When the run starts they close all of West Chester streets so we can run on them. It's fun because throughout the way people who live in West Chester are outside in their front yards cheering us on. This makes us feel good about what we are doing. I'm glad I do this run every year because it makes me feel good about myself because I'm helping people with cancer. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1322-running-to-beat-cancer
Healing Pains$One day I was at the bowling alley with my friends. We were having a pretty good time playing and eating. Then in the middle of the game my stomach started to hurt, but I ignored it . Later in the game my stomach started to hurt even more so I sat down. My friends noticed it and they asked what was wrong. I said that I was fine and they did not have to worry about me, so we kept on playing. Towards the end of the game my stomach was hurting so much I just had to tell my friends. Luckily they helped me. One of them actually went over to the parents and told them what had happened. The rest of them comforted me which made me feel better. The parents gave me a stomach pain reliever. The medicine made me feel better and we got to play more. I was so thankful that they all helped me $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1320-healing-pains
Collecting for Military$When our class was writing letters to the military, my friend had an idea to send even more to the military. She invited a few of our friends to join her. We used the school announcements to ask people to drop donations off at some of the boxes we spread around our school. Even the sixth grade teacher at our school, Mrs. Flood, helped us by sending in tons of donations! Our first collection was very successful and we got many donations. Our second collection was even better! We sent the packages to four different military personnel. We went on the announcements one more time to thank everyone who donated. They were very happy to receive the packages and we were happy to give the military personnel a little taste of home. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1319-collecting-for-military
Coaching with Kindness$My coach always shows kindness to me. When I am in a lesson with my coach, he always makes it fun but also makes me work hard. He never yells at me, but pulls me aside and calmly talks to me. When he talks to me, he always tells me how good I am and then also tells me things I can work on. My coach always helps me when I am hurt and shows kindness every time I see him.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1318-coaching-with-kindness
Helping an Injured Friend$One day, my friend Jose came into class late with an injured foot. He had crutches and was trying to get his stuff. My class and I were watching the announcements. But, when I saw Jose struggling, I ran over to help him. He asked me if I could get his pencil case for him, so I got it and brought it over to his desk.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1317-helping-an-injured-friend
Community Erupts in Kindness$When I returned home from the hospital after a fall that broke my patella, I found that one of my neighbors had set up an account where all of my neighbors could select a day and time to walk my two Yorkies, Nicky & Gracie. For 8 weeks, 3 times a day, a neighbor walked my dogs when I could not. Our building had 30 residents who joined in this overwhelming & gracious act of kindness. Owners of neighborhood restaurants in my community of Alpharetta, Georgia, sent meals and gift baskets to me via neighbors that were walking the dogs! It was a joy! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1311-community-erupts-in-kindness
Planting for the Monarchs$My current favorite act of kindness is helping the monarch butterflies. Unfortunately, they are at risk of extinction. I help by sharing native milkweed seeds with other people. I also plant milkweed in my own garden. Milkweed is the Monarchs' caterpillar host plant; the only plant they will eat.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1310-planting-for-the-monarchs
Hidden Hero$My act of kindness brought about the title 'Hidden Hero,' Here is the story: HIDDEN HERO by Author, and Jessica's friend,Liz Roy As a young boy, they called him ‘retarded’. They kicked him, threw him into ditches, shoved wasps down his back, and sexually abused him. Diagnosed an ‘idiot-savant’, he was born with a pure singing voice, but sang in pubs for a pittance. The house that Brendan Moriarty lived in by himself had no plumbing or heating whatsoever. He was forced to use the back field as a privy. When Canadian immigrant Jessica Taylor found him, his hair was long and tangled, his clothing mismatched and smelly, and his manners coarse. She stepped in when there was a family dispute about his house, contacted lawyers on his behalf, and kept him company in court. She sat by his side when a team of psychiatrists assessed him over and over again to determine if he was competent to tend to his own needs. Jessica’s empathy arose from her own horrific ordeal. Though she had never known the cruelty Brendan endured, she still identified with his painful plight. Taking on the role of a mother, she taught him to eat and dress properly, helped renovate his home, and hired plumbers to install hydro facilities. For seven years she watched over him, loved him, and encouraged him to gain confidence in his speech, singing, and musical abilities. The first time she saw him, he was sitting in a corner of the pub in bare feet, his head hunched into his body, singing and playing harmonica and accordion to tourists from all over the world. Immediately Jessica assessed his formidable talent and taught him to stand up to the pub owners to demand his rightful payment, encouraging his sense of self-worth. Today this man is dressed in pressed slacks, trendy shirts and his hair cut short as he confidently strides across the stage and between songs, smiles and jokes with his adoring audience. On Christmas Day, Brendan phoned Jessica from his home in County Kerry to her home on Vancouver Island. His voice lilts with happiness, confidence, and love for the woman who drastically changed his life. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1309-hidden-hero
Ring a Bell$My kindness story begins with the two kindest people I know, Wayne and Linda Vanderploeg, but I know them as Dad and Mom. I grew up with the most amazing kindness mentors. My parents were always reaching out to those in need, responding to the needs of others before their own needs, and helping in so many countless ways throughout the community. It wasn't surprising to share a holiday meal with someone who was alone. It was pretty normal to go on "grocery runs," where we would run into a new parent's home with bags full of groceries; to reach out to neighbors and friends with a pan of warm brownies or their favorite cookies; to help deliver clothes, home goods, or other items for families with nothing; to stop whatever it was we were doing to just listen and be present in the moment to someone who needed a friend. Our family wasn't wealthy in terms of money, but the goodness was always overflowing and my parents always reminded us to be the people we want others to be. On November 20, 2018, my parents lost everything they owned in a devastating fire. Their home of 45 years, all of their belongings, vehicles, money, identification, family photographs, and beloved antique furnishings that filled our home were all lost in just a few short hours. As we stood and watched our home burn, friends and neighbors reached out to my parents, asking them how they could help. Their answer was simple: "Ring a bell." You see, my mom has been in charge of the Salvation Army's bell ringing program in our small community for many years. She always has a difficult time getting anyone to sign up to fill the times. This year, that all changed. People came from all over to help ring the bells and those not living in their community reached out in their own communities to ring bells throughout the state. But my parents' message was bigger than that: Do what you can to make the world a better place. They were in need of so very much, but their spirit of giving never wavered. There are others out there that are in need; others that are hurting, feel isolated, and are lonely. Never forget to reach out to them. Be the kind of "KIND" that you want to see in the world. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1308-ring-a-bell
Unlikely Basketball Star$At recess the other day a group of competitive boys were playing basketball. For some reason a boy who usually prefers to play alone took a risk and joined the other boys. This young man happens to have cerebral palsy. When the other boys saw him, they immediately welcomed him to the game and one boy even tossed him the ball. You would have thought he found gold! He took off running down the court with the rest of the boys trailing behind and the leader protecting him the whole way. The girls sitting on the grass were cheering "GO!" and "You can do it!" Even though he couldn't dribble he was able to get down the court with a huge smile on his face. Then he tried to shoot a basket. He wasn't able to jump, but the boys kept on tossing him the ball, giving him many opportunities to shoot. Finally he trotted away as if he was satisfied with the opportunity to play. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1307-unlikely-basketball-star
Loving Ex-Partner$I found myself recently single and somehow was left with an overall feeling of gratitude. While we may not have made a good couple for a handful of reasons, I learned to stop judging myself, others, and life for what it isn't. Rather, I have learned to appreciate myself, others, and life for what it is. I also learned that the best way to feel better about yourself is to help others. While it has been difficult for me to fully love and accept myself, it just might have saved my life. I'm going to do my best to pass these tools on to any troubled folks that I cross paths with in life. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1306-loving-ex-partner
Volunteering Kindness$My 85-year-old mother lives in Arizona. I am going to visit her next week, so she picked up a rollaway bed from a local provider in her area for my use. They helped her load it into the trunk of her car, but she voiced aloud that she was a little concerned about how she was going to get it out of her trunk and into her house. Imagine her surprise when she arrived home and a gentleman and his wife parked their car on the street in front of her house. This couple had overheard her statement, followed her home, and unloaded the bed for her, as they had overheard her comment. Thank you to this wonderful couple for their random act of kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1304-volunteering-kindness
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
My One is Three: A Trio of Kind Hearts from Nashville$My "One" is actually Three. There are three loving hearts down in Nashville that I’d like to tell you about who practice Random Acts of Kindness year round. In fact, they make it a part of their daily existence. These three hearts are Jamey Garner, Kevin D. Campos, and Phoenix Mendoza.  You might not think, at first glance, that these stylish, cool, tough guys are truly softies at heart who do Random Acts of Kindness all the time, but it’s true. In fact, spreading ‘Peace, Love, and Harmony’ is their band, High South’s, motto. They are not only talented singer-songwriters, but they also truly care about people, animals, and our planet and they show it in their efforts every day.  In 2018, they had an amazing year and performed over 130 shows, traveling thousands of miles here in the U.S. and in Europe, and yet they still made time to do Random Acts of Kindness, like a surprise fundraising concert in Florida to raise funds to help people who had been affected by Hurricane Michael. But that’s not all! Every year they perform at not just one, but several fundraising shows for Mary's Meals, a non-profit that helps to provide chronically hungry children with one meal every school day. They helped Mary’s Meals raise thousands upon thousands of dollars to help feed those impoverished children. This month they're doing a school fundraiser to raise much-needed funds for a school music program in Wisconsin. They even took time in the middle of their European tour to help out a cerebral palsy organization. That is High South for you. Whether it's random acts of kindness (which are often) or planned, these guys exemplify kindness, generosity, and making things better in every way they can; in addition to making amazing music, it's kind of their thing.  During a recent interview, they were asked about their song “Make It Better”: “We’re positive dudes,” Garner says. “We want to put forth a positive message. And we honestly believe that in the course, together we can make it better. That song is about people coming together. Even in the video, we made sure to show a lot of images of people coming together — people of all colors, all races, all genders, all religions.” This song is 'Make It Better' from my favorite guys from Nashville: https://youtu.be/3BOULOOySQc I think everyone will agree that this song is amazing, and yes, I'm biased.  But this is not some saccharine effort on their part: Being kind, being protective of people and animals, and wanting the best for the world is in each one of their DNA. Here’s where it gets even harder to write about them from an objective ‘casually knowing the guys and the band’ and instead, morphs into 'that enthusiastic, gushing fan'. You’ll see why in a moment, and a warning, after reading this: You may become one yourself!  If you’d like to read about each of the guys’ individual music history, Jamey, Kevin, and Phoenix have their fascinatingly, impressive individual musical backgrounds on their own website. But for the purpose of this Random Acts of Kindness article, I will now unapologetically gush about them as the amazing human beings they are, below:  Jamey is a huge animal lover, which I personally love. He frequently posts photos of his two adorable pups that he dotes on with his wife, Geralyn. He calls them his ‘kids’, because, as all of us pet parents know, they really are! But he cares about all creatures, great and small, not just his own. In fact, recently, in another random act of kindness, Jamey reposted a Facebook post about a donkey that was left outside in the polar vortex in his hometown, to make sure the donkey was rescued. And not sure if he's okay with me sharing, but this will bring a collective "Aww!", as he’s a follower of Esther the Wonder Pig’s Facebook page. Not sure how Kevin and Phoenix feel about wonder pigs, but everyone can confirm that they all love dogs, and Kevin’s recent post about losing his beloved dog, Bebe, brought so many of us to tears. They’re strong guys who are totally fine with showing sensitivity, and that, to me, is great male leadership in itself.  I’ve had numerous conversations with Jamey, Phoenix, and Kevin, and it’s clear how much they all care deeply about all people and animals. They’re stylish, hip, pretty tough guys who give a damn and aren’t afraid to show it. They make caring look cool. That’s how it should be because caring IS cool! Their love and their music are forever intertwined: You feel the love when you talk with them, you feel the love when you see their shows, and you feel that love when you listen to their music. All the more reasons that they have such a devoted following. They're all kind, genuine beings. They notice you and pay attention; it’s not artificial with these three. They talk proudly about the women in their lives, their families, their fans, and their dogs.  I’ve seen them perform live 7 times in one year. This is something I've never done before. We drove to a different state to see them several of those times. Their music is phenomenal, their live performances are so fantastic, and I admit, I never was into the harmonica before, but hearing Jamey play it, I was sold. I hadn't listened to their genre of music in years, but the way they played it, I was sold and now I love it. Their enthusiasm and incredible natural talent, plus all those years of paying their dues and putting in the hard work? Sold!!  But I have to say, I’m equally drawn to them because of their values; our shared values. That is something I feel a deep connection to. I think, also, one of the joys of Random Acts of Kindness are witnessing them in action in real time. High South takes time for people. All the time. Everywhere they go. If they're not doing something nice to you or for you, you're seeing them doing something nice for someone else. A lot. And sure, you see other bands doing this, signing autographs, etc. and some performers are truly kind and friendly. But there’s something different about these guys. There’s not a mentality of, "Okay, we’re the performers and you’re the fans;" it’s more of a “We” thing. Granted, they’re aware of their talent and their greatness – not to mention the long, hard hours it takes to be at their level – and they never seem to take a bad photo (which is maddening for those of us that do!!) but they still maintain that "Hey, we’re all here together" point of view, which is refreshing and all the more reason they have such a devoted following.  Individually, they're just as kind. So many people can attest to this. Personally, I benefit from them in many ways. When I’m in a good mood, I put on their music. When I’m feeling anxious, as I often do, I put on their music. Music can inspire and heal, and theirs does both for me. And when I see them in person, they see me. I get hugs, I get smiles from them from the stage (Kevin gives these big huge “Oh Hey! It’s You!” smiles from the stage and they’re really sweet), and overall, it’s just really, really nice. And that’s what Random Acts of Kindness are all about: They’re really nice!  As he does for so many others, Jamey goes out of his way to like my Facebook posts, even though the band has 12,000 followers that he needs to keep updated, not to mention focus on the band, his job, his family. How they all find the time to juggle all of this, I’ll never know. I don’t seek out his likes, and I post about a wide array of things, so wide it probably causes their heads to spin, but there the ‘likes’ will be!   In another random act of kindness, as my grandmother was dying last year, I had canceled our hotel reservation to see High South play on New Year’s months in advance, because I didn’t know what the family would be doing, what would happen with my grandmother, etc. After she passed and we had spent time with family, I realized I really needed a good High South show and their smiles and a happy New Year’s. So I went to book the hotel and it was much more expensive than before. I mentioned this to Jamey via Facebook message, as I was disappointed, and to my surprise, he started doing research for nearby hotels for me and sent me links to the hotels! He didn’t have to do that, but he did.  All three guys are very engaging after performing, and we enjoy talking to all three, in their own ways. Phoenix takes the time to talk with us after shows, and not just about small talk or the weather. I love how he gets right into the heart of things and just goes with it. Shared values connect quickly. He’s animated and lively and his enthusiasm is contagious. Kevin and Jamey each have their own approach with their great personalities, and they too, offer more than small talk, being good listeners and ask questions. They’re all interested; despite how interesting they are, even as their stardom continues to rise, as they intuitively know each human being has something to offer. But, then again, they don't have to do these things. They're all handsome, incredibly talented, and popular. They don't have to be that generous or kind, but they are. They each have such unique personalities and beautiful voices, yet they mesh and get along so well, and their voices often become one in their songs.  But they never take themselves too seriously: They perform in onesie pajamas - full-length man-sized onesie pajamas - at their Pajama Jam concert on New Year's Day, every year. I shyly showed up in my pajamas, robe, and Christmas slippers and there they were proudly wearing their onesies, so I shook off the shy and happily enjoyed myself. At 2:00 in the afternoon, there I was dancing in my pajamas, in public. Everyone was smiling, laughing, singing and/or dancing, thanks to them.  I gush because they’re worth gushing about. I fully admit, kicking back and having dinner with these guys from time to time would be on my list of things I’d love to do. Something tells me I’m not alone here. But again, it’s not because I want to hang out with rock stars, it’s because I want to hang out with great hearts and minds who just happen to be also musically gifted. But, in the large scheme of things, that doesn’t matter. They make me feel like I’m an old friend every time I see them, regardless, and that feels very nice. They have a large, devoted following because they make every person they meet feel special. And then you hear them play, and that really makes you happy, too.  High South is a walking, talking Random Act of Kindness AND their music is awesome, especially live! And because good people hang out with other good people, their producer Josh and his brother Chris, are kind, caring and fun, too, as are their significant others, and collaborators. Although in one sense, I think we all want to keep them a secret; they’re just too amazing not to share with the world. And that is why, Jamey, Kevin, and Phoenix are my "ONE" favorite example of Random Acts of Kindness! -Melanie Mantenieks- $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1303-my-one-is-three-a
A Few Ways I Give$I prefer to do random acts of kindness anonymously, so I will share only a couple of things. Our community raises money by donating returnable bottle money for fuel for people to heat their homes. I donate funds to this. I also paid to have a neighbor's driveway plowed all winter. Her husband died, she was going to lose the house and needed to be able to get to work. She didn't need the double whammy of losing her job also. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1302-a-few-ways-i-give
Literally Sweet$I was in a small candy shop with my co-workers and we were talking as we were selecting a gift for our other colleague. The shopkeeper overheard us and asked, "Excuse me, ladies, you are teachers?" When we answered that yes, indeed, we were, he showed us a big paper box full of those chocolate advent calendars. There were approximately 40 of them. It was late January. "Look," he said, "I have these. They will expire in July so I won't be able to sell them so what if..." He grabbed the box and shoved it into my co-worker's arms, "What if I give them to you for the kids?" "You can't just give them to us!" we exclaimed. "Of course I can," he smiled. Not only did he make the kids happy with sweets, he also set a great example of kindness for them. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1300-literally-sweet
Working Angels$My husband is critically ill. My children are coming to see us this weekend and I wanted the house and yard to look pretty for them. A workman and his helper who have done repairs and painting for us this past year offered to help in any way they could. I called the workman to get a rusting trellis down and to haul it away. It was cased in concrete so it was very heavy. He and his helper pulled the trellis up, set it apart as best as could be done from the concrete, put the concrete pieces back in the ground and covered them with yard dirt, and then helped me put heavy benches in place over the concrete pieces so that you can’t see them. The whole area now looks very pretty! When I offered to pay them they refused, and when I tried to hug them, to thank them, they seemed embarrassed, saying it was okay and they wished us well. They also told me to call them with any other emergency situations. These men are such angels to me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1299-working-angels
Happy Birthday, Stranger!$This is my club volleyball team. They are always looking for ways to do random acts of kindness. They sent birthday cards, balloons, noise makers, and this picture to a complete stranger! They saw a news article requesting birthday cards for a gentleman who was turning 93 and wanted to help him celebrate! #doinggood #leadingsmall #simplebutsincere Coach Mel $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1298-happy-birthday-stranger
Pay it Forward$Bought the two cars  behind me their order at Dunkins.  One looked like a young student and the other car looked like a young mother with a child in a car seat.  Hopefully I made their day! :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1297-pay-it-forward
Leading by Example $When I was a freshman at a junior college in New York state, the dean of students was a much older man in his 60s. He was from my hometown and happened to be a former busboy during highschool at the same Italian restaurant that I was a busboy at during highschool. He was an all American lacrosse goalie in college. I, too, played lacrosse at this college and he was the assistant. We had a connection and I respected him a great deal. He was a true leader and gentleman. Well, I often saw him pick up trash on our campus if he walked by it. I thought, here is our dean of students, not too full of himself to pick up trash, and what a great example for others. I then started to be more noticeable of trash around me and started picking up trash when I see it on the campus I have worked at for the past 24 years. Thanks, Dean Iorio, for demonstrating what right is and performing an act of kindness many times over. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1296-leading-by-example
Social Working Kindness$When my children were very young, someone filed a false charge of abuse against me. A worker from CPS came to my home to check out the complaint. She examined my four children, all five years old or younger. She also spoke with with a woman I cared for who had multiple sclorosis, who was the mother of my friend and living with my family. The worker asked if anyone in the home worked. At the time my children's father was the only one working. I was asked if I was the sole caregiver for my children, my friend's mother, and the household. I answered yes. My home was clean, eveyone fed, wearing clean neat clothes, and the children were happy, but we were just barely getting by. She made her visit in September. Early in December of the same year I again received a phone call from the CPS worker. She asked if she could come by to see how we were doing. When she arrived, I welcomed her into the house but she wanted me to come outside to her. In the trunk of her car, this woman who I had only ever visited with one other time, had supplied Christmas gifts for my children! There were toys and clothes for all four children and my friend's mom. I cried because I hadn't had any idea how we were going to buy gifts for the children. She also gave me a gift card for the supermarket so I could buy a Christmas feast! She didn't know me, yet she brought me a miracle Christmas with her simple act of kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1295-social-working-kindness
Breaking Fast in North Carolina$Last year my husband and I took a vacation to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, and to Kure Beach, North Carolina. We were able to take a ferry from South Carolina to an island on North Carolina, where we would meet up later that day with friends. We decided to stop at a small restaurant for breakfast on the island. The restaurant was quite crowded and there was at least a 30-minute wait. A young couple sat down next to us on a bench and proceeded to chat. We found out that they were newly married and trying to start a family. The husband was engaged in a conversation with my husband about his job and the wife shared that she works in a preschool. They also talked about how they were trying to make ends meet but they decided to treat themselves to breakfast that day. Soon our table was ready and we said it was nice chatting with you and wished them good luck in the future. Their table was ready about ten minutes after we were seated. When the waitress came to take our order we asked her to please include the young couple's order with ours but not to tell them until we had paid the bill and left. We left them a note to enjoy the breakfast on us and to Pay it Forward when they could. I often wonder about them and hope that we made their day! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1294-breaking-fast-in-north-carolina
Giving Rice$Sitting on my bed, staring at my newborn son, the pride of being a first time mum swam through me. I touched his soft cheeks, then ran down my hand to pat his back as he suddenly coughed. "Shhhh," I whispered to him, as he smiled in his sleep and my heart melted like butter. Then a sudden sadness swept through me; within 200 metres of my home was a massive orphanage full of babies below 2 years of age. My heart sunk as I imagined them not having enough food, clothes, or a proper hand to pat them when they coughed in their sleep. Then I remembered that I had about $100 in my account. A 50kg bag of rice was $60. I bought the sack of rice, divided into 4 bags, and randomly stopped at any orphanage I could find. The fulfilment of those tiny and cute smiles, the hugs, and the happiness, moved me to tears. I didn't care whether I would remain broke till the next paycheck, but all I knew was that I needed to do this. Being a member of RAK has not only helped me change other people's lives, but it has changed me completely. My random act of kindness on the 17th of this month will be for a young orphaned boy who has been a guard at our office, here in Lusaka, Zambia. He has always wanted to get a licence, so I am saving up a $30. I will be able to surprise him with the money to pay for his driving test, and I am so excited! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1293-giving-rice
Rose Bowl Gift$I am an avid Ohio State Buckeye fan and when I realized they were coming to California for the Rose Bowl, I was so excited! But, due to four surgeries and two hospitalizations in the past 18 months, I knew I would not be able to nagivate the venue. To my big surprise, a new friend whose Dad went to the game brought me a beautiful and very treasured scarf which was presented to me at a local community event. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1292-rose-bowl-gift
Khambrel Foundation - "Laundered with Kindness Day"$"Laundered with Kindness" is an event held annually to help ease burdens by providing wash, dry, fold, load/unload laundry, dry cleaning, and donated laundry products. We target laundromats, dry cleaners, and homeless facilities with the support of cleaning companies, businesses, volunteers, and in-kind donations, helping more families and making a larger impact. Being a single parent, one of the struggles parents face is basic laundry essentials. I remember as a child bundling up loads of clothes in sheets, scraping up all the loose change we could find, and using the cheapest detergent. Sometimes we even resorted to using dish soap, instead. It was hard not having transportation, laundry supplies, or money to wash or dry. Choosing between buying groceries, gas, or washing clothes is a struggle many families face regarding basic essentials, including the homeless community with limited access to clean clothes and laundromats. Since 2016, we've celebrated Laundered with Kindness Day the second Saturday in September in Galveston, County, including Texas City, La Marque, Dickinson, Hitchcock, and Galveston. This event generates a wave of kindness in our cities. Our Righteous Acts of Kindness volunteer group has impacted more than 300 unsuspecting angels, washing approximately 650 loads and drying approximately 575 loads. We have made in-kind donations of reading and activity books for waiting customers and donations of laundry supplies and products to families in need. All it takes is one Righteous Act to change a moment. In everything, we’ve learned it’s vital to show others how kind life can truly be. Learn more about Laundered with Kindness http://khambrelfoundation.org/righteousacts/  to join this year's movement in your city on September 14, 2019 or contact Tonia Rene Griffin, Founder, Khambrel Foundation at info@khambrelfoundation.org for more information. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1291-khambrel-foundation-laundered-with
Kate the Cat Whisperer$I'm a pilot car driver, driving across the country to help oversize loads get through crazy traffic. They say the bigger the load, the smaller the road. I had deadheaded out to Bakersfield, California, and met my driver for dinner. I needed to find a place to settle down for the night, as we couldn't load until morning. I went and checked out the actual job site, and told the driver where he was going to drive into and drive out of. Then I looked up my neighborhood Walmart because I knew I could spend the night in the parking lot, sleeping in my truck. I put up some privacy curtains and sunblocks and, as it was still early, began to read my book. I saw a lady pull up in her car and open the trunk; at first I thought to myself that I sure hoped she was not going to dump trash there. Instead, the sweet lady had a big bag of cat food for the feral cats in the neighborhood. I reached for my wallet to grab some loose ones I had and slowly approached her. I didn't want to startle her or freak her out, so I just said, "Excuse me, Miss?" She turned and I said, "May I help you defray the cost of cat food with some cash?" She told me I didn't have to, but I explained that cats have a special place in my heart and I wanted to help. I told her about the special feral cat program I have in my neighborhoods She told me that the cats that she could trap and get spayed or neutered, she took home. We chatted for about 20 minutes. She went on home after doing her shift at Sizzler and I hunkered down in my truck, while keeping an eye on the cats all night long. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1289-kate-the-cat-whisperer
As a new counselor$My ONE is to greet all with a smile and implement a school counseling program for all, students, staff, family and community. As a first year counselor, at a school who has never had a one, my goal is build moral, teach social emotional coping skills and help the community that my students come from. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1288-as-a-new-counselor
Taking Note$Last week, during our first training session held at Poyner (2A), I realized what the eye doctor had been telling me. I did, indeed, find myself in need of cataract surgery! I am scheduled to have this done in the spring. However, we had a lot of notes to take during the week and I found myself unable to read the notes on the smart board. I would have to get up and go up front in order to see the board. Mrs. Shaundra Bryant sat beside me and noted my difficulty. She was so very kind in taking the notes and offering to pass her notebook to me so that I could copy, instead of my walking to the front of the room all through the day! I so much appreciated her compassionate caring heart. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1287-taking-note
Smiling Over Coffee$I was in the food court on the lower level of Grand Central Station when I noticed two armed police officers trying to wake up an elderly woman who had fallen asleep on a bench. It was apparent that she was homeless. I was upset by the way she was being treated and people were watching the scene unfold. As she stood up, unwillingly, I motioned her over to me, offering her a cup of coffee. We chatted a little as I ordered a cup for her. She said she thought she recognized me from "uptown", meaning Harlem. I replied, "Maybe, but I don't think so." We chatted a bit more, and when I saw that she was okay, we parted. Two hearts were brightened. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1286-smiling-over-coffee
Creative Connections$I began a service-learning project to teach my students about kindness and other community members. My students have severe and profound multiple disabilities. Many times they are not involved in community activities. I wanted a way for them to connect academics with transition skills to their community. We make crafts and greeting cards for residents of a local nursing home, our personal school bus drivers, clients at a local food bank, and school faculty and students. Art is something that they all enjoy! We currently have a kindness tree set up in faculty lounge to share buttons with positive sayings. Our mission is simple: to put a smile on someone else's day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1285-creative-connections
Athletes to the Rescue$One of our grandsons and his best friend played in the band and on the freshman football team this fall. Football players eat in the cafeteria with special education students. Last week, one of the special education students got angry and turned over a wheel chair with a young 9th grader in it. Our grandson and his friend ran to help. They turned the chair right side up, made sure the young girl was okay, and helped her get back in the chair. This is the kind of story every grandma likes to hear. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1283-athletes-to-the-rescue
Highway Kindness$I was driving to my morning class when I noticed someone who also looked like a student parked on the side of the road with his caution lights on. I parked behind him and walked up to ask what was wrong with the car. I realized his vehicle had a flat tire, and he told me didn't have a spare tire. As fate would have it, we drove the same car, but a different model year. I changed his tire, giving him my spare. He wanted to give me money but I refused to take it; the smile was well worth it. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1280-highway-kindness
Signing Yearbooks$It was close to the end of the school year when they passed out yearbooks. My sister and I were letting everyone sign ours. During lunchtime, we watched our school's only janitor working hard and sharing smiles with everyone he met. We decided to let him sign our yearbook, also. After fifth period, a teacher came by to tell me that the janitor was crying in the front office. Our grandma had come to the school for a meeting with one of the teachers and the janitor stopped her to tell her that it was the first time anyone let him sign a yearbook at that school. It's nice to know that one little act could make someone's day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1279-signing-yearbooks
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
A Stranger's Kindness$I was enjoying a meal with my boyfriend and our friend at a local ramen place. We were talking up a storm as we hadn't seen our friend in a while! We ended up making conversation with the man at the table next to ours. He was nice and very friendly. We talked with him and his date for a bit, but then they were leaving after having finished their meal and paid. Just as they were getting up and about to walk out, the man handed us our receipt and told us our meal had been paid for! He told us to have a great night and they left. We were shocked and happily surprised. It was so kind and thoughtful and was very much appreciated. Thank you, random stranger! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1276-a-strangers-kindness
Sharing Painted Rocks$My daughter, Jess, and I were sitting around getting ready for Christmas. Christmas is difficult on me, after my mom had passed away three years ago. Jess took out some trash and when she came back in she was excited to show me what she had found on our air conditioner. It was a painted rock. The back of the rock asked us to share on Facebook with the hashtag "TR4F" in our post, and either keep or return the rock. It was simply signed, "God Bless." I found out then that kids in the small Texas town we live in had been going around now for two years and placing these rocks randomly to let people know they are not forgotten. I found myself in near tears as I realized that there is still so much good in the world. This small token lifted my spirits so much! Now I can't wait to have Christmas. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1273-sharing-painted-rocks
A free lunch...$Recently while going through a McDonalds drive thru the kind woman in front of me paid my bill. It was truly random and I had no opportunity to thank her in person as she drove away. It was a wonderful feeling. Thank you! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1272-a-free-lunch
My grandma $My Grandma and I were walking around her neighborhood and we saw a stand that says can you please donate so we can help our friend who has cancer and so we gave them 20$  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1269-my-grandma
Keep on Giving$For this Christmas, I gave my very best friend a jar with notes for them. They loved it so much they said they almost cried. They are the nicest person I know and I wanted to return the favor. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1268-keep-on-giving
Transporting Kindness$Tonight my daughter and I went to Kroger and saw a lady who looked very cold. When we came back out of the store, she was still there. As we talked, she explained that she had been standing out in the cold trying to get back home. I gave her a ride to the bus station and paid for her to get home. When we got to the bus station, there was another woman outside who asked if we could give her a ride home, so we took her home. I love showing kindness randomly to other people; it is such a wonderful feeling .  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1267-transporting-kindness
Cookie's Rescue$Once, while on my daily jog, I found a cat laying on the side of the road. A little tabby cat, it looked to be in pain. I hurried to the vet with her in as fast a jog as I could manage without hurting her. finally The vet turns looked her over and told me that she had a broken back but all she needed was some love for a couple months while she healed. I named the cat Cookie and she is very healthy now!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1264-cookies-rescue
Giving For Healing$Our eldest child, Anne, is now age 31 and a beautiful loving mum of three children. Prior to her boys' births, she had a very sad few years experiencing three miscarraiges. Very soon after the first miscarriage, she began a ministry through her church called "The Basket Ministry". Inside the beautiful baskets she creates are candles, prayer cards, chocolates, a china tea cup, a Rosary, and a beautiful book entitled "After Miscarriage". She just recently made up one for a young mum who lost her full-term baby boy. Our daughter is one of those angels who walks through the world with one goal: to make a difference, by reaching out to those who are hurting. She has been blessed to have met so many wonderful families who were lost in their moments of grief and appreciated our daughter's warm way of listening as they opened their hearts. She travels down from the Sunshine coast where she resides in Powell River to deliver these baskets. On some occassions, my husband and I are blessed to offer the delivery service if she is too busy as a working RN and mum of those busy grandsons of ours. She also works as a youth minister for the teenagers in her town and reaches out to many who are in very difficult situations at home. We are so blessed to have such an inspiring child who continues to teach us that actions speak the most loving words to others. Sincerely, Dan and Kathryn Sickavish Burnaby, BC $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1262-giving-for-healing
Finding His Home$Not long ago, we found a dog alone in the street and we took it home with us. We gave him some of our own dog's food. Afterwards, we looked at his tags and called a center that found lost dogs. At around 10:00, the center for lost dogs came to pick him up. The next day we called them to make sure they had found the dog's home, and they had! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1261-finding-his-home
Kindness on Wheels$Marty is a 50-year-old woman who is blind, mostly deaf, and lives with her elderly mother. She has lost a lot of her mobility and is therefore in a wheelchair. Her service dog is now retired; losing this working partner has increased her social anxiety. Monthly, as the weather permits, she finds a ride from Vermont to Connecticut to visit her retired service dog before that can no longer happen. I have been Marty's STM, PCA, & RN for Joni & Friends camp for adults with disabilities for the past 3 years. Her smile and kind heart brightens everyone's day! She has had to overcome so many hurdles. She has helped so many online overcome their own life traumas. Even in the midst of her own struggles, she helps others through theirs. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1258-kindness-on-wheels
Laughing Heals$I was going through a sort of rough patch; my depression had me at an all-time low. I found it hard most days to even simply smile. On one particularly rough day, I met an older man who completely made my day by telling a corny joke. Ordinarily, I wouldn't have laughed nor even responded with a small smile. But I was caught off guard and laughed so hard that I had tears of joy! Since then, I have made it my sole mission to make others' days the way he made mine. It's true: laughter really can be the best medicine. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1254-laughing-heals
Pizza Delivers a Smile$One day I was walking home and saw a homeless guy. I felt so bad, but didn't know what to do to help. I shared the experience with my brother when I got home. Later in the day, when it was dinner time, my brother and I decided to take him some food. We asked our mom if there was anyway to help feed him. She gave me some money to go buy him some pizza and a drink. It really made my day to see his face light up when we handed him that food. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1252-pizza-delivers-a-smile
Borislava.$Hello, my name is Rebecca.  At the time of  writing this, I am 13 years old. And I'd like to tell you about my best friend, Borislava. She is Bulgarian, but speaks English very well and is even learning Japanese! (Yes, because of animes) When she first came to my school, she wanted to be my friend. That was years ago. She's still my friend even now! Although we're at different high schools now, she still talks to me and I go to her house sometimes. I'm surprised by it actually, since the friends that are at my school don't want to be my friends anymore. I can't make new friends either, because hardly anyone likes me. In all fairness, I'm not the nicest person, and I can see how it's kind of my fault. I'm trying to be better, and it's working, bits at a time. But things have gotten sad, and I might even say that I'm feeling a little depressed.  Kids make fun of me for absolutely nothing or normal things, scrapping the bottom of the barrel for any insult or joke about me they can think of to make themselves laugh. I even got attacked once by someone, pushed down onto a stair and hit, but that's not the nicest story. So things aren't the best at the moment. But Borislava's little text pop ups on my phone help  so, so much. A ridiculous amount! Thank you, Borislava. Thank you for staying by me always, even when I wasn't the nicest person. I need ideas for a big act of kindness to repay her for all she has done!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1249-borislava
Public park$When I walk in a public park in the city on a good-weather-day, I am stunned by how many lonely people I encounter, walking alone or sitting alone on benches. Last week, during a walk in a park in a foreign city, I got the following idea: We would have color coded benches near the entrance of a park or even within a park, with each color having a meaning attached to it. For example, blue could mean "I would not mind having a nice chat with another person"; green could mean "I would not mind having a nice walk with another person"; red could mean "I prefer to enjoy the park alone". Can you imagine how such a simple intervention could reduce loneliness and how much it could increase kindness? I am living in a rural part of Malaysia where there are no parks. But I would be really happy if someone could make the above idea work and increase kindness while reducing loneliness in a fabulous way. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1246-public-park
Making it Better$One day I was coming home when it was very dark and cold outside. A woman and her son were laying on the stairs that are connected to my apartment buildings. Especially because it was so very cold outside, I was saddened that the lady and her son had nowhere to go. I went into my house and got them a thick warm blanket, two bottles of water, chips, and a fruit yogurt. I knew it wasn't much, but that it was better than they had before.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1245-making-it-better
Giving Back on RAKFriday$Yesterday, RAK Friday 2018, was such a good day for me! Not only did I get to spend time with my friends at one of their homes, I also got to spread some kindness in real life and online! I brought snacks with me for my friends, told them I loved them, and gave a drawing of her dog to the friend who invited us. I used "adapted transport" for the first time to come back and give a "May Peace be With You" drawing of a Koala to the driver; he was so happy and smiled big! Online, at DeviantArt, I complimented three random people, drew a gift for a random person of one of their dragon characters and for two other people of their canine characters, and featured some fellow poets. On Neopets, I gave lots of things to "The Money Tree" (wearables for people's Neopets to wear, medicine, etc.) and made a giveaway for more wearables. I also gifted people from my guild. What a great day! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1243-giving-back-on-rakfriday
Thanksgiving Memories$My daughter, 3-year-old granddaughter, and I were grocery shopping yesterday. A man and several young boys started to walk past my granddaughter and I. The man stopped and asked if he could tell me about his son. Of course I said yes and he proceeded to tell me his son suffered from brain cancer for 7 months and passed away last year. He said there was a little story about his son in the envelope and handed it to me. The front of the envelope said "Happy Thanksgiving, in loving memory of Seth Wood" The group of boys shared sentiments of hoping the envelope would help me have a little happier Thanksgiving. As we were walking around the store, I opened the envelope to see a story about this young man who had passed away much too soon; he would have been 18-years-old this month. The envelope contained cash, as well. I was so broken by this story! When I found two of the young boys near the register, I asked if they were this young man's brother and one said he was. I told him how sorry i was about his brother passing away and hugged and thanked them. I have never had an experience like this before, but if everyone was just a little nicer to others, smiled at others, or even stopped to chat with others, it would makeall of us feel so much better! I hope this family has the greatest holidays and they know that Seth is smiling down on them every day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1240-thanksgiving-memories
Connecting With Regina$A woman at the gate for a flight from Charlotte, North Carolina, to Chattanooga, Tennessee, on November 14 engaged my 9-month-old grandson at the airport. She was as enthralled with him as he was with her. When we got on the plane, she happened to be sitting right behind us and asked to hold him. He went into her arms like he had known her all his life. She held him the entire 45 minutes, gave him his bottle, and they both fell sound asleep until we landed. It gave us a much needed break, as we had a long day of travel, and was a most touching moment. She is African-American with ‘funny hair’ as she described herself and in about her mid 50’s. She said she used to be in the healthcare field and lives in Nashville. I would love to find her and let her know how special that moment was. Regina, I believe, was her name. I don’t know where to look, so I started here with the story. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1238-connecting-with-regina
Starting the Chain$I was out with my friend today and we had both forgotten our credit cards. We needed some money to buy lunch, so she phoned her dad to see what he could do. We were an hour away from any family and had no cash or cards on us. A man came up to a cashpoint and gave us 10 pounds. He insisted on us keeping it and went on to tell us to continue the chain of kindness. It really made our day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1237-starting-the-chain
Returning Kindness$Today I woke up thinking it was going to be just another day. It turns out that was only partly true. Because today, as my mother came into my room unannounced as she always does, I was still in my bed. She told me I received something in the mail. At first I was skeptical, thinking that it was going to be something about the bank or some adult stuff, but I was wrong. The people who work at the hair salon next to our apartment buildings sent me a Marvel magazine. It contained SHIELD files about some of the heroes, a poster, and some other things. I had talked with the woman who had taken care of me about Marvel, ComicCon, and many other things, but didn't think much of it. I also distributed "May Peace be with You" drawings to them and left some kind words everywhere I could, like I have done in many other places. With that small activity came thank you notes and kindness quotes; even a client from the salon sent me one! One of the notes said that my kind words did them a lot of good. I am so happy I could do this for them and they aknowledged my kindness like this. Today, I feel blessed and my heart is full of love. I'm crying. I guess it is true that kindness comes back to you after all.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1232-returning-kindness
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
My Little Kitty :3$Hi its me Erica ,I am back with a story to tell you. So this happen a long long time a go i was 5 or 6 i was playing out side and a lady a next's door left food out for all the cats and i went over because i liked to go see all the cats. the lady was out doing some thing wen i came over what did i see, a cat no a kitten siting on a rock its eyes still closed. all the cats were not like her , so i went home and asked my mommy if i can have her she said no the next day the kitten was still on the rock , i asked my mommy again and she said......YES! i was so happy so i went and got her and i named her Daisy. This was my first pet i was happy that i gave a cat a home most people think cats a bad,i think all animals a grate i still have her i love her she is the best pet ever. i hope you liked my story. :) :3 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1231-my-little-kitty-3
What I want to do when I'm older :)$Hello again I'm Hannah and I'm 11 years old and this is what I want to do when I grow up. I want to be a nurse when I grow up just like my mom. When I am a nurse I would help people if they are sick or they need help. What I would do is I would go to the persons house that I'm helping and I would help them with things that they can't do.  I would also help the person clean their house because some stuff in their house they can't clean. When I'm older I wish I can be like my mom cause she always helps people and I want to do the same just like her. I think we should always help people if they can't do stuff like us and when we help that person it would put a smile on their face. When I help someone it makes me feel happy and glad. :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1230-what-i-want-to-do
Who is your one!$Hi! I am Tyler and I am back with my third story. If you remember I am 11 and my birthday is December/22/2006. This time my story is about my grandma her name is Paula and I love her to death. No matter what She is always with me through rough times and good times. She always keeps me alive and open minded! No matter what she does she is always with me and I will always be with her! I taught her how to play,use,and work Nerf guns! I love her to death and I will never forget her she means the world to me. If she is in the hostipal I am there too. If she is going through a rough time I am too! No matter were she is I will always be there. I guess I am just trying to say that no matter what my grandma does she is my one and I will never for get because my grandma means everything to me! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1228-who-is-your-one
Love bring joy!$Once again i'm back with another story. I am 11 years old and I am born on December/22/2006 and my name is Tyler Denison. This time my story is about thanks giving. Most people go to some kind of place for thanks give and to see your family. But not every body gets to eat food for thanks giving and see their family members. So for thanks give i'm donating food for my cub that I do. But on thanks giving day I want to go to homeless people that live on the street's and give them the stuff they need and give them food. Through out my whole life I love to bring joy to people and make them laugh. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1227-love-bring-joy
I Like to Help on Thanksgiving$Instead of being lazy on Thanksgiving, I help my sister and my mom bake the turkey and make stuffing along with other side dishes.  After I am done helping them, My dad and I go to the store to get ingredients to make a celery plate -- a family tradition!  We get celery, cream cheese, peanut butter, green olives, black olives, carrots and ranch dressing.  My whole family loves this!  Once we get done with our meal, we give some food to a local homeless shelter to help people who are less fortunate.  I like doing this and it puts a smile on my face.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1225-i-like-to-help-on
A Little Thing Can Always Help!$A few days a go it was National Kindness Day it was a small thing I did but it made a little girl happy. My name is Erica I am 12, and  going to be 13 in May, so what i did is it was the day I went to the dentist I was playing on my phone like all teens "ha" i saw a little girl asking her mom to go and grab her coloring sheets,because she was to shy so I turn my phone off and I say "I can go get it" I go get the coloring sheets and set them on he table and i color with her i hope i made her day.this made me feel good to be her friend :) !                                                                                                                                                                                                      :3 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1224-a-little-thing-can-always
I Was Inspired By A Story$I was inspired by the story on your website about fostering and adopting animals. When i saw this story it answered what i would want to do in the future. It would make me feel great about myself helping animals to get adopted  so there is more space for more animals. I think its really good to start with adopting a pet, Because there is a lot of happiness in adopting a pet. There is a lot of things u can do with your dog like teach them tricks like sit,speak, and shake hands. There is a lot of things that u can also do with cats like play with them with laser pointers. This is what mostly inspired me about animals adopting them so there is more room.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1219-i-was-inspired-by-a
Teaching my niece on how to play Minecraft :D$Hi I'm Hannah and I'm 11 years old and this is my kindness story. When my niece was at my house one time my brother told me that my niece wanted to play Minecraft. I was a little bit mean at first saying no but then my brother made me let her play, so then I let her play, and she was a little bit confused how to play.  So I taught her how to play, I taught her how to walk, run, build, walk out of the door, getting a pet, when we were done she was happy that I helped her. If someone doesn't know how to play a game or anything, teach them..... And don't be mean to them while you are teaching, be nice. It made feel happy and I was glad I taught her how to play Minecraft. :)   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1218-teaching-my-niece-on-how
Helping My Dad$Hi! I am Tyler. I am 11 and I am doing big things in my life already. Today I have come to share my story with you about my dad. My dad is 39 and has back problems. Several of the discs in his back are breaking and I do not think my dad is going to live much longer. I try to help my dad out with as much as I can. I give up spending time with my friends and playing sports to help my dad. Throughout my life, I have always loved to spend time with him but now I do it a lot more. I don't just help my dad; I play games with him and, when he is in pain, I know what to do because I have trained myself. I just want to say that no matter what you do, you can help out and make people's lives better! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1217-helping-my-dad
Life experiences & shaping others$My life experiences have made me the person I am today. Many of those experiences led me to a career as an educator. I try to spread messages like "Pay it Forward" to my students and I like to "walk the walk" just as much as I "talk the talk" to my kids. Volunteering as a teenager helped me to understand that helping others in need makes you feel good. I truly believe that when one teaches, two learn. Also, when one person helps another, two will benefit. Your website and stories that are shared on here have inspired myself and my students. It also opens up discussions for my class to share their personal experiences of helping others. It warms my heart that every new message I see, it will continue to inspire us. All we need to do is remind each other with a smile. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1210-life-experiences-shaping-others
Helping Grandma$My grandma's name is Judy and she has been through a lot. She just got out of the hospital 3 months ago and she can't stand on her own feet without a cane. I've been helping her out by getting her cane and the groceries for her. Now she is trying to walk, so I will help her on the way. Helping her makes me feel good. I am now 13 years old. No matter what your age, If you have any family members just like mine that struggle, help them out and do the same. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1207-helping-grandma
How people have been kind to me $I need help on my reading. So in school we were doing paper work in a book and i don't know how to read it so my friend help me out a lot on it. This showed you a simple act can help others. I need to be more kind back to people. I need to say thank you to more people and with a  smile. Now, from the lesson I learned I some times help people with their work, homework,book work. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1206-how-people-have-been-kind
Empowering Women $Happy World Kindness Day! Many thanks to my dear friends, Niloo, Nasreen & Shebina, for volunteering to tutor some courageous women in English and Math. We had the pleasure of working with Zein Dhanidina through the Refugee Women’s Network and are so grateful for this rewarding experience. In fact, we would like to tutor them beyond this initiative. The Refugee Women’s Network empowers refugee and immigrant women to rebuild their lives through education. Their mission is to empower refugee and new immigrant women with tools and resources to enhance/develop their skills through education to successfully integrate into Canadian society while still maintaining respective cultural values. Join me in becoming a RAKtivist i.e. A Random Acts of Kindness Activist by doing any kind deed and posting it on Facebook. It does not require a lot of time, resources, money, or energy. It can be as simple as holding the door for someone! Below are the links to get involved with these great organizations: www.refugeewomensnetwork.org http://www.facebook.com/refugeewomensnetwork.org https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/ #WorldKindnessDay #RAKtivist Thx (A)Mina Bhanji $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1204-empowering-women
Helping a homeless person$When you walk past someone who is curled up on the sidewalk laying on a piece of card board, dont just walk by. Look down and see that human being. All anyone wants is to be noticed, not forgotten. So the next time you pass a homeless person, give them a hello, a smile , buy them a cup of coffee and donut. They are real living breathing loving human beings.  t.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1202-helping-a-homeless-person
Hi, how are you?$Somebody I didn't know said hi to me one day, it made feel good. Ask 10 people this see how you feel and they feel at the end of the day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1201-hi-how-are-you
My best friend$I had a lot of depressing thoughts and felt really bad about myself for a while.  It was after a break up too. But one day my best friend came to my house and let me cry on her shoulder. She left her DMs open for me to vent to, and always knew what to say. She was the only person at my house on my birthday. I started feeling a lot better, and I always thank her.   Thanks, Belle.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1200-my-best-friend
Subway Kindness$It was busy day at the Subway, full of people. I burst out of the doors in a rush. Once I was on the streets, I felt my pockets and realized I had lost my wallet. In tears, I sank to the floor and cried. A few minutes later, a homeless guy came up to me and handed me my wallet back. I thanked him profusely and offered to give him a twenty dollar bill. He would not accept it and handed it back. I thanked him for his time and wished him the best of luck. He was one of the most selfless people I have ever known. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1197-subway-kindness
Gifting Kind Acts$For my birthday, my daughter asked all my Facebook friends to do an act of kindness and post it to my timeline. Forty-seven people posted! My grandson is honoring me by doing an act of kindness for every year I have been around (75). What an amazing tribute! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1189-gifting-kind-acts
Closing In On the Light$I'm a teenager who struggles with depression and it's only gotten worse with all the major life changes that have been going on. Sometimes, I simply can't motivate myself to get out of bed, even if I want to. Sometimes, I stay up all night lost in my own thoughts because I just can't get to sleep. Sometimes, some little voice in my brain tells me to just take a knife from the kitchen and.... But I have so many people in my life that have been by my side. My nana and papa, who I currently live with, could have been like so many other adults, seeing me as lazy, attention-seeking, and overreacting, but no. They signed me up for homeschool which has been a lot easier on me. They've stopped asking if I WANT to go out to lunch with them but whether I'm ABLE TO. They've started telling me outright that they're not mad at me when they need to talk to me, as I always get anxious when an adult speaks to me because I feel like I'm in trouble. My nana reminds me to take my meds every day. The list goes on and on. Even though they're older, they understand. My father is a big help, too; he's more like a friend than a parent, honestly. He remembers when he was going through depression like me and has been aiming to help me every step of the way. The world needs more fathers like him. My homeschool teachers are also incredible, but of special note is my English teacher. I had an assignment on human rights and realized partway through that the topic is just too upsetting for me. So, after building up my courage for days, I finally e-mailed her about it. Her response was, "Let me see what I can do." She could have easily told me to just suck it up, but no. Due to currently living in a senior neighborhood, I don't make many real-life friends, but my friends online are just as good as any "real" friend. They listen to me, even when I talk about things they don't understand, and they're there whenever they can manage. They always try to find time for little old me and that in itself just means so much. I may be deep in a dark tunnel right now, but with the help of the people in my life, the light at the end is getting closer and closer. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1187-closing-in-on-the-light
Paying Down the Bill$I am a server at a local Red Lobster restaurant. Yesterday a woman approached me to pay $10 toward the meal of a couple I was serving. She wanted to remain anonymous, but she felt compassion because she could see that they were older and a little frail. She called this a random act of kindness. Later, when I brought the bill to the table, I explained about the $10 off and more about the anonymous woman who paid it. The woman received it with a smile and said, “ I really needed that today.” Personally, I never thought of paying a portion of a meal. I always thought I should pay for the whole meal. This example helped me to see a little can do just as much good. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1185-paying-down-the-bill
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Awaiting the Train$I was waiting for the 11:52 train to Sandringham to see my doctor. I am an elderly bloke with a walking stick. I was trying to manage a very hot coffee, but wasn't successful and spilled it on my pants. A woman gave me a cute hand-towel with cup pictures, bowed, and smiled at me. She reinforced my faith in kindness of human nature and it was a wonderful feeling! This couldn't have come to me at any better time; I am being currently being treated for serious lung cancer, I am sorry to say. I then continued on to see my doctor with a smile on my face and not-so-wet jeans. Signed, Greg D $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1178-awaiting-the-train
Sharing My Joy$Oh, I had a most wonderful weekend! For some context, I am a 22 year-old autistic woman. There is a place for us to spend weekends at if we pay, so I was not alone. On Friday, I felt listened to, which doesn't happen often at all, as my family is abusive and I cannot trust most people at all. On Saturday, we went to the cinema to see Incredibles 2. On the way, I gave a drawing with "May Peace Be With You" on it to the bus driver. I am an artist, and sometimes make drawings of endangered animals with these words on them to both give awareness to people that these animals exist and, should they be curious enough, research them and help if they so desire, and to spread love. She loved it. I did the same inside the cinema to the woman whom I bought my orange soda from. I also showed off a paper with "You are beautiful and so much more. Thanks for existing!" written on it. It made some people smile, including a man who was passing by when we were leaving who said "You too", which warmed my heart. I also complimented a woman on her beautiful butterfly necklace and left a few tiny papers with kind words on them. Later, I prepared some more kind words and left some on people's car windhshields during a walk around the neighborhood. Immediately after, mt helper and myself made chocolate cupcakes for everyone at the facility. I also gave a book I had to one of the other autistic folks staying there for the weekend. On Sunday, I dressed up as Miraculous Ladybug and went to a mall; some people laughed or smiled. I got some hugs from many different people, including kids who were excited to see me in my costume. I also gave them Halloween-themed drawings with kind words on them, and left some in the mall, with 25 cents in a candy dispenser. A little girl was in awe as she saw me, saying, "She's dressed as Ladybug!"  I love making my mark on the world and hope to be able to do more things like this soon and do bigger acts of kindness in the future. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1176-sharing-my-joy
Love Of A Friend$I am always trying to find ways to help others around me but I never take the time for myself; that is, until I got terrible news in 2017. I was told I had cancer and I did not know what to do. A friend of mine, Vonnie, took charge last year and was with me the whole time. She was there for all surgeries, checkups, and blood work. Vonnie was my rock and my new sister; I love her and her husband for everything they did for me. I wish there was a way I could pay it forward but on a very very tight budget I can't but there is a man who found out that he had cancer and the brother of Vonnie. I want to pay some of the love I received to another cancer patient so any ideas folks. This family is very special to me and I want them to know how special they are to me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1173-love-of-a-friend
Carrying Marbles$I just want to let everyone know what an act of kindness meant to me. I needed help to carry a bag of landscape marbles to the cash register at ACE hardware in Bucyrus, Ohio, last evening. I found the bag I wanted and tried picking them up but, because of my work in bus driving and home health care, my arm strength is not enough to carry a bag of this weight. My accomplice in this ordeal was an eight grade girl from Bucyrus Elementary. I told her I didn't know how I could get them inside. She said, "Here I'll get them!" I told her they were too heavy, but she lifted it anyways. About half way to the store register, a man came up and offered to carry the bag. What a blessing he was! He even carried my bag to my trunk, after I paid for it. This act of kindness is absolutely UNFORGETTABLE! I told him thank you, but those words seemed so small compared to how I felt! I also love helping others in need; having it returned to me was wonderful. I am very grateful!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1172-carrying-marbles
Unexpected Helper$We are in a shared preschool classroom with 50+ other students. One of the other classes reported a case of head lice. As the typical scene unfolded, I gathered up any dramatic, puppets, pillows, etc. No one wanted to take home laundry, much less possible lice laundry. That left two of the eight teachers and assistants to scrounge up change to take the items to the local laundry-mat at lunchtime. It was raining and beginning to hail as I was carrying in the bags. A bus driver who was walking by saw me carrying bags and asked if he could help. I asked if he could carry half and I would get the other bags. Some days it really helps when someone shows a little humanity, especially when your everyday cohorts are too busy to be as kind. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1167-unexpected-helper
Gardening Kindness$Really great teaching doesn’t just happen. Diane worked diligently to become a great teacher, parent, and human being. Right in the middle of this quest, Diane found out that she had cancer. She was raising two little children and teaching. When all the options to cure the cancer failed, she started the process to leave this earth. Knowing that Diane loved flowers, a friend and coworker, Nancy, orchestrated the planting of a beautiful garden right outside Diane’s window. As coworkers came and went to plant, water, and tend to the garden, Diane watched and smiled. When the end came, the acts of kindness didn’t stop as her little boys saw the result of that act and held it in their hearts to adulthood. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1165-gardening-kindness
The Garden $Really great teaching doesn’t just happen. Diane worked diligently to become a great teacher, parent and human being.  Right in the middle of this quest, Diane found out that she had cancer.  She was raising two little children and teaching. When all the options to cure the cancer failed, she started the process to leave this earth.   Knowing that Diane loved flowers, a friend and coworker, Nancy, orchestrated the planting of a beautiful garden right outside Diane’s window. As coworkers came and went to plant, water and tend to the garden, Diane watched and smiled. When the end came, the acts of kindness didn’t stop as her little boys saw the result of that act and held it in their hearts to adulthood. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1164-the-garden
My Story$I was inspired by researching the Women's Suffrage Movement. Researching made me realize that people aren't always kind to other people and that I want to be a person who is kind to others.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1163-my-story
Kindness Is Powerful$I was at a 7-Eleven convenience store with $50. Every time I went into that store, I always bought a bag of chips, a Slurpee, and a pack of gum. After I was heading home from one particular visit to the store, I saw a homeless man. I gave him food, clothes, and the rest of the money from my purchase. I told him to use this money for good and not for things like drugs. It made me happy how he was grateful. So no matter what you should always be nice! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1155-kindness-is-powerful
I picked up trash$Yester day, i was walking in our neighboors house when i saw a man that is littering in their back yard so i picked it up and felt happy about it because i feel that i did something Good that day and im proud of it :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1154-i-picked-up-trash
Crossing the Street$Despite witnessing selfish behavior on a daily basis and living among many people who basically do not care about anyone but themselves, today I saw something that restored my hope. I hope that there are more people in my town who are not going to leave someone in need alone on the street. Today as I left home and walked towards my town centre, I noticed a man who must have just finished his work. He didn't wear fancy clothes or look at his phone; he appeared to be going back home. At some point we were walking along the same pavement I noticed that he took a turn and walked towards an elderly woman who was trying to cross a busy street. This man walked to her and helped her cross the street. His great act of kindness gave me hope that there are more people like him. His parents should be proud as they raised a great person. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1151-crossing-the-street
Robbie Plunkett$It was my little brothers birthday so he decided that he wanted to go to the Aquarium in Philadelphia. which he was very ex sided about I was also a little ex sided i had not gone there in a while. So of cores he goes up to a stranger who had been walking out of the bathroom and he said "Its MY BIRTHDAY". which i thought that the guy was just going to say well Happy birthday but instead the guy gave him 5$ and a pan flit to a church.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1150-robbie-plunkett
Eva$So I was on the bus going home and realized I forgot my Math binder. Then my friend Ava said you can borrow mine and we can help each other finish math! This made me feel relieved and happy I thought that that was so nice of her to do (and yes I did finish my math homework). One time I was on the bus I had my science binder out and had to get off the bus, so when I got off the bus my friend Ava told me that I left it on the bus. So I asked if she could come by to my house and drop it off, she said yes and she took time out of her day to do that. This also made me feel relived and happy cause then I could study and get my work done!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1149-eva
Tommy Horner$I was at WAWA I had a $1.00 and cookie then some girl said I'll get it for you then I said no I got it but she really wanted to buy it for me so I let her after that  I wanted to be kind all day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1148-tommy-horner
my mother is kind $When i usually need help ill ask my mom for help and she helps me, she even helps me when i dont need it. When i am cooking in the kitchen and i start to burn the food my mom walks in and starts to help me  and teaches me how to do it right. Thats why my mom is kind $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1147-my-mother-is-kind
Writing to Strangers$I'm a huge bookworm, so when a book about a girl leaving letters everywhere for strangers came out, I decided I would buy it and read it. I haven't been able to purchase it yet because it has been out of stock, but I googled the author and her story, and it was so inspirational! I decided to do something similar in my own school, so I organized a Letter Committee to write supporting letters and notes to people who work and study in our school. Then I discovered that there was a project "More Love Letters" happening online. People write to women who need support and encouragement, comforting them and reminding them how amazing and unique they are. I found it so worthy and so inspiring! I joined the project and now I'm one of the writers of those Love Letters. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1146-writing-to-strangers
My Mother$My mother my whole life never said a unkind word about anyone even if they had been mean to her. She was always thankful for whatever she had.   When she passed at almost 91 years of age I was so filled with love for all the nice things that were said about her. I had not remembered or knew about the love she had given to so many of our friends and family.  God was her guiding light.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1145-my-mother
Uplifting Bus Stop$This story is about my younger sister Meera, who loves helping people. She is a lecturer at University in a small town in Malaysia. Everyday she makes it a point to get ready early for work, just to pick up random people who are sitting at the bus stop in front of the hospital in our town. They are generally elderly people, people with a disability, or those who do not have a transport to head home after the long wait at the general hospital. She would stop to offer them a lift back or wherever they needed to be dropped off.  Most of them accept her offer and bless her for the deed. She does this even at her break times and whenever she gets an opportunity. She believes it is something she can do for the community and it makes her feel good to see them happy. I am proud of her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1142-uplifting-bus-stop
Caring for Others in Need$I have always seen my grandmother give to people that didn't have as much. She would open her home up to a complete stranger. Anything she could do to help a person she would. It didn't matter to her when her kids would tell her that she couldn't help everybody; she still tried, anyway. Even if she didn't have much herself, she would still find a way to help someone else. I have always told her that when I get older I wanted to be just like her. I always wanted to reach out and help the elderly. After helping my parents take care of her when she got ill, I knew that's what I wanted to do. I found a job doing Home Health Care and I started taking care of the elderly. I even gave up my home and moved in with a mother and daughter because they needed someone with them at all times and could not do for themselves. I just adore taking care of older people. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1141-caring-for-others-in-need
NICU Kindness$I was in the Neo-Natal Intensive Care Unit with my youngest son and was seriously struggling with life at that time. We have an older son and had adopted our middle son just a few months before and now we had a premature child in the hospital. I was struggling with anxiety and post-partum depress. A lady walked up to me and handed me a crochet blanket and a small book of devotions from Our Daily Bread. It was exactly what I needed, and I praise God for kind people like that. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1139-nicu-kindness
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Starting My Last Year Off Right$This summer I decided to challenge myself. I decided to work on a project all by myself in hopes to spread kindness. With the help of two non-profit kindness organizations, I was able to spend my summer creating 670 goodie bags. Each bag consisted of candy, a pencil, a pack of gum, a motivational quote, and a kindness card. Anonymously, I handed out all 670 bags to the teachers and students at my high school on the first day of my senior year. The smiles I witnessed that day made the countless hours on this project worth it. I took all of the extra bags to my former elementary school to make the teachers smile. Many people believed this random act of kindness was a college project, but I was just wanting to make the first day of school unforgettable for everyone! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1138-starting-my-last-year-off
My grandmother is Kind$My grandmother and I were grocery shopping and We were paying for our groceries. A young woman next to us was crying and swiping her credit card which was not working. My grandmother paid for all her groceries and told her that everything will be fine. We never saw the girl again but we walked out of that store feeling really good about what we did.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1137-my-grandmother-is-kind
Working For Free$Mark was looking for work because he was down on his luck and was willing to work for any amount of payment. After I explained that I was unable to do it myself and didn't have money to pay him, he offered to do my yard work for free. I accepted his offer and let him get to work. When I came back outside to check how he did, he had done so much more work than I had asked of him! My yard was beautiful again. He obviously spent hours working on it and did a really nice job. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1136-working-for-free
Accepting Others$My younger trans friend, whom we will call Jane, had just come out in school, and most of her peer group still saw her as male, either because they didn't know of her transition or just because they were being ignorant. One day, Jane tried to put makeup on at school without using a mirror, and it went about as well as you would expect. I took her into the women's bathroom and got some paper towels to help clean her up when another female student walked into the bathroom. Jane was getting nervous, because she had only just started using the female bathrooms at school, and this new girl kept looking at her from the sink. I did my best to stand between them as I kept applying wet paper towels to Jane's face, trying to get rid of the makeup. "Is that makeup?" The female student asked from the other sink. "Yes," I answered, fully prepared to stand up for my sweet baby. "Well don't use those," the girl said, reaching over and pulling the paper towel out of my hand. "They'll hurt your skin," she told Jane. "I have some makeup wipes in my backpack, those will work better." The student handed Jane a full pack of makeup wipes, and proceeded to tell her that she could keep them, before informing us that we could buy them relatively cheap at the local CVS. "They also have these little mirrors that you can carry around," she told Jane, "So you can put your makeup on without going into the bathroom. Anyway, I love your hair! Do you curl it, or is it just like that naturally?" "It's just like that," Jane answered. She wasn't very happy with her hair, which was a beautiful orange color that curled just around her ears, because she wanted it longer and straighter and more like the societal representation of a girl. "Oh, I would kill for hair like that." "You would?" "Oh, totally. It's gorgeous. I have to get back to class now, but it was nice to meet you!" We had never met that girl in our lives, but she was so nice to Jane in a school where most of the students either didn't understand the situation or were just being rude about it. By taking ten minutes out of her day to help my friend out, she made Jane feel incredible about herself and boosted her confidence, which was a big deal. Thank you, student, for spreading some love to my friend! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1134-accepting-others
Finding Max$My husband and his colleague were travelling on a remote road in South Australia. Thirty kilometres from the nearest town, they came upon a dog in the darkness walking along the side of the road. He was old and very tired but happily jumped in their work vehicle. The men turned around and headed back to Coober Pedy. There, they stopped at the local Police Station which was closed at the time. Using Facebook, they found a lost dog post and contacted the owner. The 13-year-old dog had been missing for 6 days and she was starting to lose hope. The men dropped Max off with his owner and then headed back out. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1133-finding-max
Loving Through Illness$I’ve been in and out of hospital since I was a kid because of chronic illness. My dad has always always dropped everything to help me. He has spent many late nights in emergency, up all night taking care of me, cooking for me when I couldn’t, and always making me laugh even when no one else can. My dad would do literally anything for his family and he’s always the first to help someone in need. I love you so much dad. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1132-loving-through-illness
Honoring Candy$My sister, Candy, was less than a year older than me. She was diagnosed with juvenile diabetes at age 7. She suffered for years with this merciless disease. At that time, there wasn't a great understanding of the disease and much of the time, treatments of any sort were hit or miss. She was in the hospital for long periods of time, but she was always cheerful, made others laugh, and always looked out for people in any situation. She was a great reader, and I, being a year younger, would spend lots of time in the hospital with her visiting. She would read to me. It is one of my dearest memories. She was sick and still gave of herself to others. She passed from complications when she was 26. She had always been my hero and I was devastated for years. I moved to Washinton to be near family, met Kevin, and married him. We had two daughters and I named my youngest after her. Now I am 65 years old and I've written, illustrated, and self-published a children's book titled Zip-Line Mice with a companion coloring book of the illustrations. I sell my books and 100% of profits go to buying unused books for pediatric wards and children's hospitals. It is important to give unused books to these children due to immune issues. This is the most rewarding thing I have ever done and I do it all in Candy's memory. Reading aloud to a child provides a time of rest and an expression of care they will always remember. Grace and Peace, Blue Bell Honeymouse aka K. L. Taylor $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1131-honoring-candy
Changing the Law$Submitted by Shyamaladeepika  I am sharing a story about my father, whose act of kindness cannot be forgotten and was the very basic start of learning. It was a rainy day and my father was driving his car passing on the highway coming home from work. This happened many years ago when I was a kid. The law then was not so strong that would support people, especially the ones who meet with an accident. It so happened that my father spotted a man lying on the road after being hit by a vehicle and blood was oozing very badly. He was surrounded by people, but no one helped because they were scared that if he died the case would shift onto them. My father immediately got out of the car and took the injured man to a government hospital where he was admitted. My father came home and his shirt was full of blood stains. My mother asked if he is hurt. He replied no and narrated what had happened. The car was full of stains and anyone would get scared seeing them. The only thing he said was, “If we start thinking about laws and stop helping, we will never go ahead in life; then, helping all humanity and relationships between one another is lost." In those days, until and unless a complaint was registered, even the doctors would not do the treatment; only the government hospitals are allowed to deal with the accident cases. One thing we need to understand is people are scared about the law and they are scared to go ahead to help a person in need. One has to learn and teach the values of helping which bonds one another and let’s us know we are humans with heart. This was the start of his story. Now my father is an MLA “Vishnu Kumar Raju” who fights for people and has helped and will be helping. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1088-changing-the-law
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Nathan  His name is John T. Olson He was a US Marine and lived to be 21 years old. He saved 12 lives. He died 3 years before I was born and because of him I have a really big intimated in the Military. He Motivates me me to help others and even though I never met him I feel like I've known him my hole life. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1087-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jane Don & Marybeth porter and the wonderful guy at the gas station for fixing the tire and the tire barn people that stayed late to get a new tire on the van.  We are blessed!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1086-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Summer Collier  My one is my mum. Very cliche but she really is one of my strongest sources of inspiration and she shapes me as a person to be kinder too. I would be nowhere without her <3 I choose this picture because of her kind and silly spirit, It was taken when we were goofing around whilst waiting for our train. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1084-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jennifer My son is my One! He challenges me every day to be my best self, to exercise my empathy, my collaboration skills, my trust. Being his mom brings me great joy! It’s the best job I’ve ever had ❤️ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1083-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Tamara I have great fortune in my life; I am blessed with a surplus of people who love me and inspire me daily! Today I want to showcase LR (for privacy and security of this person's identity, I am using initials only). Upon launching my very first remote business, LR was my first client in the venture. I am inspired by LR every time we work together. LR is the kindest, most genuine person I have known. The details of my work are all brand new to me, but LR has patiently and consistently walked alongside of me as my teacher. LR has inspired me to press into learning all that I need to operate professionally using vital strategies as I build the foundation of a successful and prosperous business. LR, in addition, has been open, accepting, supportive, and authentic in all of our interactions and we have developed a beautiful friendship. LR has modeled kindness towards all others, championing their varying abilities while honoring their unique qualities. LR validates the sameness of being human. It is a joy to work with this beautiful soul. I have been blessed by all of the qualities that LR demonstrates as the kindest person I have ever known. Thank you, LR, for given so freely and authentically communicating that I am valuable and my talents provide others with encouragement and knowledge that is beneficial to those I serve. I have chosen the Unicorn to represent LR's most admirable qualities of loyalty, selflessness, gracefulness, magical healing, and affirming those who work, play, or live in LR's circle. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1082-whos-your-one
Struggling Alongside$Submitted by Katherine Ellenthal I struggle with bipolar disorder and when I’m depressed, I have suicidal thoughts. When things get really bad, my malfunctioning brain tells me that I’m not the wife or mother my family needs and I don’t feel safe being alone. This feeling can weasel itself into my thoughts over the course of a few days, but it is usually a matter of minutes. Something inside me breaks and I know I need help. But, I’m lucky, because I have people who understand and support me however they can. Mindy is one of those people, as are my husband, my parents, and my sister. The difference is that Mindy doesn’t need me the way they do and she’s not frightened by my mental and emotional collapse. When I call she will rearrange her schedule, talk to her own family, and pack a bag. She’ll get in her car and drive four hours to be with me. She will stay as long as I need her. Mindy also visits when I’m well. My family loves it when she comes and I’m always better before she leaves. I don’t feel the guilt or inadequacy with her that I do when I think of my nuclear family. She doesn’t depend on me so I don’t feel like a burden to her. When I’m well I KNOW that I’m exactly the wife and mother my family needs, but my brain lies to me when I’m sick. I lie to myself and I lie to others. I say I’m okay when I’m not. I wear a mask and I play the game. Mindy sees right through the charade. She lost a child to suicide. As much as my struggle is a reminder of her own indescribable loss, she is strong and kind and exactly what I need. She’s been with me at my lowest and at my best and she loves me, no matter which version of me shows up. I have so many people who love and support me. I’m unbelievably fortunate and I know that even in my most depressed state. Even in that state, I am comfortable sharing my distress and my loved ones help carry the burden of mental illness. But no other friend understands as intimately as she does. Mindy is my ONE. (She’s the blond in the photo. I’m the lucky brunette.) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1081-struggling-alongside
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Mona I had to think about this questions for over a week... In my life there were so many people that came by, who ment a lot to me. I believe you always have some sort of angels surrounding you when you need them the most. I wanted to honour all of them. :-) And I do!  But MY personal ONE is definetetly my husband. This is not easily said just because I married him and love him of course...No I really mean this! He is this ONE special person you only meet once in a lifetime & he is always there for me & people around us. He does this...naturally without wanting anything in return only because he cares about you. He really made me become the person I always wanted to be & I don't t know how I could ever thank him!    $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1080-whos-your-one
Mom Models Kindness$Submitted by Breanne Nicholson My one is my mom! Cliché, I know, but true nonetheless. She taught my siblings, me, and everyone in our community to be kind before it was a "thing". She would spend days (and I don't even want to guess how much money) baking and boxing up treat boxes for the seniors in our community and then drove us kids around to deliver them for every single holiday. Whenever we are having a hard week, she finds ways to cheer us up; she'll mail us a cute card, send a bouquet of fruit or flowers, or even just a "good luck" text before anything big. If that weren't enough, as a bus driver, she initiated "Stuff the Bus" at our school to encourage everyone to quite literally stuff the bus with as much food, toys, and other donations as full as we could at Christmas time and then she delivered it to the local shelter and food bank. She always leaves generous tips for servers, and without fail she will buy the coffee, burger, and one time an entire two dozen of donuts and muffins with a "Take Twelve" of coffee for the people behind her in the drive-thru without batting an eye. For as long as I can remember, she encouraged us to do the same. She taught us to appreciate the little things in life and she encourages us to not only be kind when the opportunity presents itself, but to find opportunities to be kind. So for RAK Week and for the rest of my life, I will find opportunities to be kind on behalf of my Mom and the amazing things she has done for me, and so many others. Here's to you Mom! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1079-mom-models-kindness
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Priscilla Sandoval This is my mother. Mary Emma, she is the kindest person I know. Her mother taught her well. The golden rule comes first. Do unto others as you would like others to do to you. She has taught me well. Kindness starts with you! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1077-whos-your-one
Starting with One$Submitted by Cameron My best friend, Morgan, is one person who inspires me to be better. She NEVER GIVES UP and perseveres through anything. Morgan is also a true friend who would do anything for people she cares about (and even people she does not). Lastly, she goes out of her way to demonstrate kindness. That is only part of why she inspires me to be a better person. Morgan’s perseverance is incredible and I am constantly in awe of what she has overcome. I met Morgan five years ago and each year since someone in her family has died but she does not let that stop her. She continues to work through the pain no matter what. One day, during tug season she nearly broke her hand in a car door but still continued to practice even though it was completely bruised. Similarly, she gave blood one day and then went to practice that afternoon and won a tournament! Those are only a few examples of her ability to overcome obstacles. Another reason, Morgan inspires me is she will help anyone. We often joke about how she cannot say no when people ask her for help. In college, if anyone was ever short a player, Morgan was the first person they would call and she would ALWAYS say yes. She would also volunteer to drive people wherever they needed to go; to the doctor, the grocery store, practice, etc. If you need something, Morgan will find a way to make it happen. Sometimes she even helps when you do not realize it. For example, she used to lock me out of her car when it was raining because she knew how much I loved to stand in the rain. That is one more reason she inspires me to be a better person. Lastly, she is the kindest person I know. Sometimes when I am around her I feel mean because she is just so nice. One time she volunteered to help me move my entire dorm room. I mean she packed up my entire room and carried it to my new place. That is above and beyond the call of duty. This summer my sister got married and she drove ten hours, nearly crashed, got a flat tired, and still made it a day early to help set up and tear down. Again, this just shows how kind Morgan is. To conclude, although I am surrounded by inspirational people, my best friend is the one that pushes me to be my best. When I see the way she overcomes obstacles, cares for the people in her life, and spreads kindness daily. I know that I need to carry on her acts of kindness because it starts with one. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1076-starting-with-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Kris Hummel  Ellen Degeneras.  She inspires me to be kind every day, and I may not the finances to do  more of what I 'de like to do, I find a way. I'm  now taking care of 3 kittens, with food and shelter from this cold winter. I  took in 2 other ones from the same situation. Ide rather go without for myself and my family to make sure I can buy the food. I know this is my best decision, instead of a shelter, where they most likely will be euthanized. I also thank "God" for his guidance! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1075-whos-your-one
Fighting With a Smile$Submitted by Lauren My brother, Tom, was born with cerebral palsy. He has always had to work 100 times harder than anyone else to get through tasks. He has always needed to accept support from others for care and to look after his needs, but has not once has he EVER complained about this. Eight years ago, he had a massive operation on his twisted spine and pelvis. He was stuck in a nearly full-body cast for nine months and couldn’t bend in the middle. He never complained. Five years ago, he became extremely ill and nearly died with a brain infection. This took away much of what he’d spent years working on; his speech, his mobility, and even his swallowing were mostly gone. He now receives much of his nutrition through a tube in his stomach. It’s a battle he continues to have to fight, but he does so with dignity and with a smile. He is so unbelievably strong, so caring, happy, and wonderful, despite all he has been through. He’s inspirational in the sense that if someone can endure all he has had to and still keep smiling, then we need to take a lesson from his book. He is now on his college’s council committee to help others get their voices heard. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1074-fighting-with-a-smile
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Still Winning His Fight at Home$Submitted by Megan Murphy My “one” is my husband, a retired and fully disabled Marine, now suffering from the degenerative effects of combat injury. Most recently, his diagnoses gave way to a new oneL Early Onset Alzheimer’s Disorder at the age of 39. While struggling to absorb this new diagnosis, he has given way to being more present in moments, knowing that he won’t always be able to. As if with renewed love, he has talked with our very young children, helped with household projects that will surround me even after his arms no longer embrace me, and continues to give back to other Veterans who are also struggling with the effects of combat. This man shows random kindness almost every day of his life, even while struggling through so much of his own. I am so incredibly blessed to call him mine <3 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1072-still-winning-his-fight-at
Changing the Rules$Submitted by Kate  Some people call him Isaac and some people call him inspirational. His sisters call him brother, but for all, he is simply KIND. This photo sums up his attitude in life, and his attitude to me, his Mum. Isaac has a rare medical condition called Hypopituitarism. He is on daily medicine and daily injections, but you would not know it. Throughout all his hospital trips and visits, Isaac’s main concern has been me, the nurses, school; he cares for anything and anyone other than himself. This year, at the age of 15, he was supposed to be going on a school trip to China. A two-year long anticipated trip from UK to China. He got a job, he saved up, he started Mandarin lessons, and he started a count-down timer. He learned to use chop sticks. With five weeks to go until he was due to leave, the school retracted his place on the trip because they did not feel they could take him with his health concerns. Telling him the news was the hardest thing I have EVER done. Heartbreak and disappointment do not cover the look on his face as I told him he would not be going with his friends to China, he would be staying at home because they cannot take him. As he saw me crying and my look of total helplessness at the situation, he simply said, "Let me get a tissue, your tears are going on your jeans. I will be okay." After I explained the situation to him, he asked to speak to the school directly. Not to be angry or cross and not to vent frustration, but he wanted to talk to them about why this happened so they can change things for the future, so that no one else gets disappointed. That’s who he always is. His attitude is truly amazing and to me, he is the epitome of KIND to the core. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1071-changing-the-rules
Fundraising for Aleks' Life$Submitted by Donna Roberts Three days after Aleks' beautiful Dorset beach wedding in October 2015, this beautiful lady was diagnosed with breast cancer. We are asking for everyone to donate £3, the price of a takeaway coffee, and then share the link to this page on their Facebook. If friends donated in kind, we would d easily raise much needed funds. Please, please if you can spare even £1. A close friend has metastatic breast cancer. The cancer was originally found in one lung, but now it is in two. An incredible lady at the young age of 36, Aleks has battled Breast Cancer for 3 years. She is a Mum of young children, aged 6 and 10. We want to help give her the the best chance of seeing her children grow up. The current treatment has stopped working and the hospital is now trying a new option. We all hope this will work, but if it doesn’t we need to have a Plan B. There shouldn’t be a price on life but, sadly, sometimes that's what it comes down to. Aleks has now been referred to the Royal Marsden, London and this fund will support her and her family whilst they go through treatment by providing transport, hotel costs, and potentially, if necessary, overseas treatment in the future. Let’s get that plan B in place now, for treatments or even to let the family have quality time together on a great holiday. Please help this amazing Mum see her children grow up and live the life she deserves. Please help! Every pound and every share will get us closer to giving them the comfort and peace of mind they need. Please just do what you can. #SkipACoffee #SaveALife $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1069-fundraising-for-aleks-life
Who's Your One?$Submitted by April My one is my Dad. He was raised by a Mother who could not work because she couldn't see well enough. Our family has a disease called RP..it's a disease of the retina and is inoperable. In spite of growing up without a decent Father and going blind....my dad Clay is the definition of "self made man"!! Blind, cheated on, etc but still made a wonderful loving and providing for us with NO HANDOUT from anyone but the blessings of God $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1067-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by April My one is my one and only child (I've been pregnant 4times). I lost an infant and had 2 miscarriages right after.  My daughter Kyla is the only living child I have for a reason. God saw that Kyla needs all of me. I want to be better in every way for her. She's my life $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1066-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Stephanie Schupbach This is Russ, he is a friend that has become a family member. He makes me mad, listens to me cry, always makes me laugh and has been there time and time again! Russ is the brother I never knew I needed!!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1065-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Coleen Crouch The pastor of the church I attend, Pastor Kissa Vaughn, challenges the congregation - sermon after sermon - to reach and grow beyond our comfort levels with new challenges all the time.  This week she challenged all of us to do one random act of kindness for each of the 40 days of Lent.  Imagine the impact that would make on our communities if we all undertook such a selfless act! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1063-whos-your-one
Teaching Kindness Beautifully$Submitted by Jessica Anderson & Laurie Mason Kate Lapetino is ONEderful!   “In a world where you can be anything, be kind!” is a motto that represents fourth grade teacher, Kate Lapetino. As her teammates, Laurie Mason (left) and Jessica Anderson (right), we nominate Kate (center) as our "One". Kate is a fantastic, motivated, energetic, kind, teacher at Eugene Field Elementary School in Wheeling, Illinois. She has been the leading force to strive to spread kindness during our 4th grade and 4/5 Social Emotional Learning block at our school, which has spread to other schools in our district, to our Wheeling community, and beyond!  Teachers are just supposed to organize and prepare their own classrooms, right? Not Kate! She not only got her classroom ready this past summer, but also did something pretty amazing with a common staff area. At the beginning of the school year, she decided to give our teachers’ lounge and work room a facelift. No one asked her or was complaining about the lounge/workroom. This was something she wanted to do for the staff. She and a co-worker, Amy Helms, brainstormed ideas for how to liven up the space. This was all done on her own time, with her own money. On a Friday night back in August 2017, Kate and Amy worked relentlessly to get the lounge and workroom ready. When teachers arrived Monday morning, they were amazed at what they saw! Colorful and positive posters, organized bins and papers, and even pictures of staff families hanging on the walls! There is even a staff shout out board for us to recognize the amazing things we are all doing at Field School! She made the space wonderful and made us all feel like a family at Field School! Kate created a weekly kindness challenge project for the 4th grade students this year. Every week, students are given a different challenge to complete. Holding the door for someone, letting someone cut you in line, and sharing a smile with someone are just a few of the challenges Kate came up with. Once students complete the kindness task, they pass the card into the hands of another person, in the hopes that they will pay it forward and continue spreading kindness. These kindness challenge cards have reached people in California, Washington, Tennessee, New York, and even the Philippines! How do we know this? Because Kate created a social media hashtag: #fieldkindness. Check it out! On November 13, 2017, Kate organized an incredible project for World Kindness Day. We, Laurie and Jessica, were welcomed to school with a copy of the plaque seen in the photograph, which was secretly put on our desks by Kate. The “Be Kind” shirts we are wearing were traced by Kate and Jessica and donated to students by our PTO. Kate, Jessica and Laurie all received food donations to provide snacks and lunch at Field Elementary, London Middle, and our administration building. Our students carried out the mission of delivering the treats and placing encouraging notes on all middle school students’ lockers. At London Middle School, Kate, the leader of this amazing day, was interviewed and quoted in the Chicago Tribune: "I'm so proud of and inspired by our students and the positive impact they are making by spreading kindness throughout our community," said Kate Lapetino, fourth grade teacher at Field Elementary School. "The students are so motivated by each weekly challenge because they see how a small gesture can be meaningful to someone else." On February 15, 2018, Kate and Jessica shared a Random Acts of Kindness Video with the whole school during the school talent show they hosted. Kate initiated the idea of changing the lyrics from Shakira’s “Try Everything” to Field 4th/5th grade’s “Be Kind in Everything”. Each class did a portion of the video, and Kate organized the four classes together to do one portion as a team. The video is posted on YouTube in hopes of inspiring others to BE KIND. Watch and enjoy: "Be Kind in Everything" On Saturday, February 17, some students and staff will be celebrating Random Acts of Kindness Day by visiting Addolorata Villa Senior Living in Wheeling. Kate initiated this project back in November. Our students will play games, complete crafts, and hold conversations with the senior residents. Students will also bring cards they created as part of our Weekly Kindness Challenge to share with the residents. Kate’s idea was loved so much that the orchestra teacher, Lauren Wargaski, wanted to include her orchestra students as well! They will play several songs. It is going to be a wonderful day spreading kindness at Addolorata Villa! Our Kate will not stop with Random Acts of Kindness Day! She has multiple kindness events in the works for the second half of the school year. We are all excited to join in and help Kate continue to spread kindness to all! She is an inspiration to the entire Field Staff, Field students, and even her community. She is kind in and out of the classroom, always thinking of others and putting others first. She offers kind words and extra sweet words of encouragement. Kate always gives thoughtful, simple, surprise gifts (like the beautiful plaques we received). She is a fantastic friend, marvelous mother to her two children, and wonderful wife to her husband. Kate Lapetino is the kindest “ONE” around! Go BE KIND and nominate her as the “ONE”! Kate truly deserves to be the “ONE”! #fieldkindness Nominated by: Jessica Anderson & Laurie Mason $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1062-teaching-kindness-beautifully
Who's Your One?$Instead of just ONE - it's ONE amazing group of women that are getting together and doing good for their community.  Wether it's small acts of kindness like donating hats and mitts to local shelters, to big ones like their 1st annual Galentine's Day charity fundraiser where they donated all proceeds to the YWCA Harbour House (a 30-bed crisis unit for women and children who are involved in abusive intimate partner relationships.)  these women have big dreams, and even bigger hearts!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1061-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Kayleigh Thorstad             One of the people who have helped me become a better person is my teacher, Ms Williss. Ever since I had her as my teacher, I have changed from being quiet, to being outgoing, from being passive, to being more assertive, and from not wanting to go to school, to going to school every day, ready to learn and see all my friends.  Ms Williss was one of the main people who helped bring our class together, not just as friends, but as a family. Because of this, I feel more comfortable sharing my work, and being more honest. Ms Williss has changed my whole attitude about school. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1060-whos-your-one
Influencing the Next Generation$Submitted by Michelle Zupan My inspiration is my aunt Peggy. She passed away last fall, but her incredible gift to me lives on. She was an elementary school librarian and mentored countless children who came from very difficult circumstances, including me, through kind words, hugs, and Hershey's kisses. She lived by the mottos "what doesn't kill us makes us stronger" and "don't sweat the small stuff". Today, I try to replicate her efforts by mentoring children through encouragement, opportunities, and Hershey's kisses. When faced with a child who is angry or acting out I always think to myself, "What would Peggy have said and what would she do?" Her instincts about kids were always spot on and I hope I honor her legacy by being even 1/10th as effective as she was in life. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1059-influencing-the-next-generation
Learning to Leave My Mark$Submitted by Steve My one is my wife, Lisa. She is the most compassionate person I know. She has helped me to center my existence and realize the role we all play in things like Random Acts of Kindness. I was always too wrapped up in my own issues, my own life, and my own troubles. Lisa helped me to realize that letting go of me and focusing on we helps us all out, even myself. She always has time to give to everyone, which is the most precious gift. She opens her heart to people and helps each one on a personal level. You can throw money or resources at issues and problems, but focusing energy on people and their own personal universe is where you truly make a difference. We hear all the stories of people whose lives were changed because someone took a second to smile or ask them how they were doing. I think that's where the key is and what makes Lisa so special, and as a result inspires me every day. I struggled for years trying to decide what my mark on this world would be. Then Lisa entered my life and showed me the mark I make will be in the lives I can touch. Leaving this world better than I found it will be my mark. And I learned that from Lisa. My One. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1058-learning-to-leave-my-mark
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Amanda  My life partner always acts as fuel when my fire seems to be dimming. He always keeps me motivated and encourage. I never knew how impactful words of encouragement could be until I meet him.  My job role is one of  which I am look upon to encourage others. His guidance and kind words has help me tremendously with my role as a motivator. I  am so thankful for my Rock Clarence! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1057-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jose Bustamante My "one" happens to be my brother. He has always been there for me, whether it being for advice or simply helping me with tasks.He's been my role model since I was little and has always inspired me to do great.  Although we argue at times, I still love him.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1055-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Tania Lizette Venegas My one, the one that inspire me to be  a better person, to continue trying hard, achieve y goals and and work hard is not only one person. I have three young girls; my sisters. They inspire me to be a better person, and to be a role model for them so that they can continue to be the best at school.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1054-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Esmeralda De Santiago  My great grandpa and great grandma are the people who inspires me to be a good person. They're such loving and humble people. They're very honest and i want to grow up to be just like them .  My grandma passed away, but she was a strong beautiful female who everyone loved.  These two people are the "ones" who make me believe in myself everyday.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1053-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by chris My brother. my older brother who keeps  me motivated to do better and to be different . My brother went to school for engineering and always tells me to be productive , i started my own hustle i learned t cut  hair and i learned on him.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1052-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Janette Sosa  My mom, I may not show it or tell her but I aperetiate and love her.  My whole family does not just because she’s part of the family but because she’s a vital piece of our family. I think without her well all fall apart. She constantly goes out of her way despite what she might feel/ be going through. She’s always encourages me and others to do there best or simply give advice to help us out . I along with many others would say she’s very special. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1051-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Melina Eloisa My one is one of my neighbors because his always their when my family is having a hard time and he always helps us through it his name is ray.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1050-whos-your-one
My Best Friend$Submitted by Lorilyn Quijada My one is my best friend, always making me think positively, make good choices, changes my mood and also such a great listener. Of course I can’t forget that he is so smart and such a hard worker.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1048-my-best-friend
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by julissa  i don’t only have one i have three my sister (20) and my two nieces (17&18) and i’m 17 it might sound weird that we’re all around the same age but those girls are my heart i would do anything for them, they inspire me everyday  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1047-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by julissa  my niece, she is 17 years old just like me it’s might sound weird that i’m an aunt and we’re both 17, but she is my bestfriend i love her so much  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1046-whos-your-one
Believing in Me$Submitted by Kimberly Morlen Yes, I know it would be an obvious choice for many to pick their spouse, but there is a reason my husband is the one. Four years ago, my husband was diagnosed with cancer. The diagnosis came about two weeks before our wedding day. I know he was scared as anyone would be, but he handled everything like a true hero. We went to see the doctor, thinking he was going to schedule a date for the surgery, but instead he told us my husband had to loose a significant amount of weight before the surgery. He worked hard for a year to lose the weight, continually saying he was fighting so hard because he refused to die just yet. The operation went well and he is fine. As we went through this journey of healthy lifestyle changes together, I began to notice ingredients on labels in products we used everyday in our home and on our body. As we searched for better options it became clear there wasn't many, so I began to make my own. This was intended just for us, but it somehow turned into a skincare business that has gone beyond what I would have expected. My husband has believed in my passion to change the industry. He believes in my products and encourages me everyday! He has seen me fail and seen me have small success along the way, but no matter what he has never stopped supporting my effort and offering encouraging words to keep me going. This is why he is my one. This is why I will succeed. This is why I will continue to educate. This is why I give back to cancer research. Believing in someone and showing loving support can change the world! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1044-believing-in-me
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Efren L Carreño My 'one' is my best friend Shaidy. She saw something in me when no one else did. She's always encouraging me to do my best. Weve known eachother for over 6 years but we have been through so much these past two years and we continue to comfort each other through all the difficult times.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1043-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Joselyn I love my dog because when i was sad he licked my hand he was the example of kindness fore my wen i came to scool i saw a girl crying so i gabe her a hug and then she felt happy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1042-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jose Vargas  My friend Pancho asked me for a dollar for the bus after practice so instead of giving him one dollar i gave him two dollars just in case.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1041-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Elizabeth  She’s a very beautiful woman, though she does not realize it. Many of the times she’s down cause by the death of my brother. She’s my mother, she has raised me her very best. Most days she isn’t able to bring a smile to her face.. my job as a daughter is to make her happy and let her know she isn’t alone in this pain.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1040-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Emanuel Ortiz My buddy Sam is one of the greatest guy I know, he always tries to lift every ones spirits by acting goofy or just trying to make everyone laugh, and for the past year I've looked forward to the class that I have with him. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1039-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Gloria Hurtado Gisselle is my best friend and has been  with me through thick and thin. I met her my sophomore year in high school and she has been there through our killer laughs, our river of tears, our silent walks and memorable talks. I wouldn't be where I am at right now if it wasn't for her $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1037-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Erick Munoz My mom has made me the person I am today. She has taught me that you don't need anyone in your life to be happy because people can be really backstabbing. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1036-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Bryan Hernandez The 'one' person who changed me for the better was this one girl who rejected me. Pretty funny but she actually did. After I asked her out and she rejected me I went through a little of a heartbrake and I turned that and made into something good. I started writting music. In my spared time I just write and write and make a song. I still see her around and honestly without her I would of probably not write like I am.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1035-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Josiah My mom, She us my one because of all the love she has for the world. She's a down to earth person and I love her very much $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1034-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Grace Kailey Arnold  Josiah knowlton $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1033-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Brianna  My 'one' is my best friend Hannah that I have been friends with for almost 6 years. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1032-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Erick Lane  She is really nice, kind, helpful to every person who need help in their life or just need to talk to. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1031-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Parker Rowley She has been the biggest supporter and inspiration I’ve had. She was my  AP Psychology teacher but she was more than a teacher to me. She was a friend, someone who I could go to about anything and we could talk about. There wasn’t something we couldn’t connect on. She was a very important part of my year that year. And I’ll always be thankful for her being so supportive even through the toughest times.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1030-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by patty krushnowski my neighbor was older, I used to shovel her snow and cut her grass. I also would bring her goodies and stuff. She passed away, I got a knock on the door and it was her brother. He said my sister wants you to have her house, she appreciated you!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1029-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Kamille Crawford My ‘one’ is my entire family. They are my world. My husband is an amazing father and my best friend. My kids are incredible young adults. I am truly blessed-the little and the big things that we all do for each other make my mom heart very full.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1027-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Shasdity alejo  Jennifer and Emily they always inspires me on the problems that l have and when is a big problems they like to help me me solve my own problems . And also they make me feel happy when l'm feeling so sad or angry. And sometimes they always tell me to control my emotions. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1026-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by natanelli Chispa is my one because she was always with me, i loved her so much until one day when i was in mexico she died, then my family went to mexico and i was still crying for my dog but i din't know that she was sleeping because she was going to have babies but then at 9:00 pm her babies and  starded to come out she had 8 babies but the 8 babies last 20 min and i starded crying my dog inspired me not be sad so when someone die.    $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1025-whos-your-one
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Zulyd Picazo My one is my friend Roberto because he was with me in 1st grade to 5th grade . He is my oldest best friend. He inspired me be playing with others and he is sow fun to play with him. He never give up on him self  he try and try his best.(-_-)(^_^) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1024-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Yamileth Manuel Hernandez My cousin helps me in the hardest moments in my life. He gives me advice that really helps me a lot because he is one year older than me and he has already gone through what i am about to go through.  Whenever i feel down he  is there to cheer me up. He has taught me that not everything in life is easy, and that there will always be bumps in the road. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1023-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Roberto Rodriguez  My one is my best friend Javier. He showed me how to have confidence in myself. He showed me that I should not care what other people think of me or let their words take control of me. He always makes me laugh whenever I am going through a rough time or I am not feeling well. My friend is always supporting me when I feel like I am falling apart . He is the best friend anybody could ask for!   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1022-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Alexis  My one is Wonder the book because it talks about a kid that goes to school and it talks about his life and important lessons for your life . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1021-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Ellie Messenger One of my friends has inspired me to be kinder. I always had felt I was a kind person, but after meeting him I noticed that there is a whole other level of kind that I can aspire to. He picks up things and holds doors even for folks he doesn't know and not just when it's convenient. Almost each time he has a chance to be kind he takes the opportunity. He is also very generous. His grandma always said about food that if there is enough for one, there is enough for all, and I think he lives his life by that motto of sharing and caring. Whenever I think about how kind I could be in this moment, I think about his example and it helps me be the kindest version of myself. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1020-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Emily My one is my friend Nataneli because we always do work together and we always help each other when we don't understand what do we need to figure out in reading and math  that's why she's my one  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1019-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Atzhiry Hernandez My grandma inspires me in many ways. She is a very strong woman who works everyday to have money. She helps me be happy. Even when I feel sad, she is always is by my side giving me great advice and love. Everyday that I see her she whispers in my ear " Choose kind because there is not that many chances in the world to change what you have done." $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1018-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by zion my one person is my mom she inspires me by helping me with my homework  sometimes when i don't know how to do it. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1017-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Melissa Mazzur My daughter is so inspiring. She has overcome childhood epilepsy, bullying,  and a disease that made her turn blue at times! She is graduating this year with an athletic/academic scholarship and will be studying to become a lawyer. She never let her disabilities keep her down! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1015-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Laura Habighorst Melanie Simpson has been my "one."  She has encouraged me throughout my nursing career to be a better nurse, to try to balance work and life, and to always strive for what is right.  When I need  help she is there, when I flounder she helps to pick me up.  Melanie is a mentor, friend, and colleague.  My nursing career would not be what is without her.  Thanks Melanie for being a friend.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1014-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Susan Gomez "Who is my one?  My one(s) are those that respect my gifts, passions and talents. The one(s) that understand and appreciate who I am and where I am going. The one(s) that make the effort to get to know me and don't judge me for who they think I am. The one(s) that know that my journey is mine, that I am not perfect, and forgive me for the mistakes I have made. Those are my 'ones', and I am so grateful to have them in my life." - Victoria Gomez Thank you Brian for your kindness, and being one of my 'ones'. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1012-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Shana Riehl  My MOM. "You know you'd make a great teacher, " she told me one day when I was 24 and those words shaped my future. I became a teacher just like her and everyday I step into a classroom she's with me 16 years later. She also inspires me to be the best mom I can to my boys. She's not here to see them in person but she inspires them as I am  passing on traditions, thoughts, and stories that hopefully shape them into the best they can be. #rakweek2018 #capturekindness  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1011-whos-your-one
Blanketed with Love$Submitted by Debbie Ramsey When my husband died tragically, there were so many who cared for me. One day several months later, Deena Saler brought a beautiful afghan with cream and silver threads. The card inside said, “I prayed for you while I was making this.” Every time I see her face, I think of my afghan, and every time I cover up with my afghan, I think of Deena. I am so grateful for that act of sympathy and love. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1010-blanketed-with-love
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Meghan My ‘one’ is my 4 year old daughter, Kira. It can be tempting to allow myself to give into old habits, saying I’m too tired or coming up with an excuse to not do something, but whenever I look at my daughters face, I am reminded that the easy choice is not always the best choice. Kindness and taking the extra step to smile, hold the door for a stranger, or just say hello is always the best choice.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1009-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Yamileth Manuel My mom has done lots of stuff for me.She has cared for me when i am sick. She has warmed me in the coldes moments .She has given me advice when i most need it. She is the one who gave me life and future. She has inspiered me to be a great person at home and school. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1008-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Angela Green This is my amazing Year 9 Class from last year!  These students showed kindness in many ways.  They made me feel welcome into their lives, greeted me everyday with smiling faces and often asked how I was feeling.  I am so lucky to have such kind people in my job and my life! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1007-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Gabe Zunaideh My mom: when I was little, my mom saw what no one else did. She saw a little 4-year-old interested in a book of the world at the library. So she started to teach me all the countries and capitals in the world. Everything from Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea, to Ottawa, Canada. And everyday since that one day in the library, my mom has taught me to be curious about everything, and to read about one little thing in great detail. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1005-whos-your-one
Fighting Through Illness$Submitted by holly potter My daughter's life abruptly changed course at the age of 17 when she was diagnosed with Hodgkin's Lymphoma. She was an active young woman who was a goaltender on a high school hockey team and had set records in her junior year. We anticipated nothing but continued greatness as her prowess on the ice progressed. She was actively involved in all aspects of her high school education, being the set designer for the annual theatrical production (South Pacific). She was an avid academic, maintaining a high GPA which was noticed by college recruiters. When she was diagnosed, she kept her head down and kept on going, playing hockey throughout treatment (as a way to maintain her physical fitness) and graduated with a 3.89, all while getting chemotherapy infusions every other week. She did not want to be known as someone who was ill, so she wore the same baseball cap all throughout treatment so no one would automatically notice her hair loss. She wanted "normal". She has been in remission for close to five years now, having completed her college education with a 3.85 GPA. She is gainfully employed in her major, Movement and Exercise Science, as a Personal Trainer, and is headed for the life that was threatened to be taken from her. As a way of coping with the illness, Make A Wish-Vermont, chose Beth to send to the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1002-fighting-through-illness
Who's Your One?$Submitted by khyler my one really inspires me because she always wants me to do good in school and and she inspires me to do good   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1001-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Mason This week and every week my mom is helpful and kind.Also , just a very great mom.she always makes my lunch and i'm so grateful for her.Also she helps me when I can't do something ,  like finding a toy or with my homework .She buys me stuff like video games and she drives me to school. She also lets me go to my friends house. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1000-whos-your-one
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Anngelenna Pacheco My one is my teacher because she is nice to who ever comes around her. She also tells us her whole life. for example all of her boyfriends we make up names for the like Jon williss that's why she is my one . I LOVE YOU MS WILLISS.                                                           GOOD                                         DAY $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/999-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Sariah My mom is super nice and she cares about me. She always teaches me to do the right thing. She always wants me to be clean. She is so nice and beautiful. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/998-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by steven My grandma she the kindness person i know and she helps me though though times . like she helps and my dad when were frustrated ,mad,and sad. she my one. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/997-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Rosalina Valenzuela This one is only 2 but has turned my life upside down from the day I found out she existed. I am sure every parent out there feels the same way, but I will share anyway. This little girl is someone I dreamed about since I was 15, she makes me feel like I found my purpose in life and there is nothing I want to excel at more than to love and raise her as best as I can. She is sassy, funny, loving, so talkative, sings, dances, I think she could have her own Disney princess movie like Moana.  She was born to lead and has this energy that is contagious. If I have to spend time away from her it better be worth it because I do not like to miss out on her, though I do enjoy the surprises she has in store from being around the other adults in her life who love her just as much as I do. I want to be her role model, she makes me want to accept myself because I couldn't bare her to do anything less than love herself as I do. Ariel is my one $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/995-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Bryan Alva My friend Luis has inspires me to calm down when i get mad at something  so he told me to chose  kind and to count to 1, 2,3,4,5 and stay calm. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/994-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Oscar Morazan The one I chosen was my friend Reese! We been friends sense Pre-K and we have be kind to each other. He was funny,awesome,and always there for me and his other friends.Just because he moved schools doesn't mean that we can't be friends. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/993-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by steven My grandma is my one because shes the kindness person I know and she helps me though tough times. Like she helps me and my dad when were frustrated,mad,and sad.shes my one.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/992-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Vanessa.k.Wasielewaski Abraham  Lincoln is the person that inspires me  because he said that we should treat people  the same no matter what the color of our skin is or the race is $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/990-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Luis Tovar I have a really good friend some times I  don't understand a book that I'm reading and he helps me to read the word correctly.  He  makes a lot of kids laugh,  he makes funny stuff and jokes.  He also  likes to help people a lot.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/989-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by hannah My friend inspires me because she show me what it felt to have a friend that really care about you, when nobody was there she is the person who has been there for me when I have a hard time. she taught me how to love and to share kindness to everyone she's the kindest person I have ever known. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/986-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Hamell My mom inspires me by helping me feel better when I get sad about my Aunt Bethany, who has cancer. It is hard now that she has cancer but it is a little easier because my mom knows how I feel so she can help me feel a bit better. She will go out of her way to get my brother, my sister, and I what we need...and we want and need a lot! By: Hollan $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/985-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Leo Spafford  Dr. Martin Luther King Jr showed me to be kind by not fighting back when people attack him of when people say bad stuff about him he doesn’t hit them back or say bad things back and he was trying to give black people freedom.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/984-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Zaw Ba My mom is the best to me because she gives me what she has and she tries very hard to keep me safe and when i have interrupt people my mom me to be kind because and i know that she is kind because when she has something she tries to give it to the people who don't have the same.When i don't fit the stuff that i wear, she gives it to someone who fits it and buys a new one for me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/982-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Arden Clise My one is Pope Francis. I'm not a Catholic nor religious, but he embodies kindness, love, seeing the good in others and doing the right thing. He is truly an inspiration. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/981-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jennifer Sacco Countless times, each and every day, this special guy is giving me hugs & kisses and telling me "Mommy I love you!!" He'll be in the middle of playing with his toys and he'll just run over to wherever I am and give me a big squeeze!! The amount of love that just overflows from his heart is unlike anything I have ever experienced. He's my inspiration!!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/980-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by A.J. Hall My one inspires me to be kind just by being herself. She always tells me that I matter and she's always looking to make a difference in the world. She tells me that my dream to help people is obtainable and she even offered to help me be able to do so. She is my one and I am hers. We help each other and anyone we can. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/979-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Carly  I am choosing Kelly Clarkson because she is a really good person, which is one reason why she inspires me. She has a great voice, and I like singing, and she is on T.V, and I would love to be too. Another thing I admire about her is originality. She is very beautiful and doesn’t worry about trying to be thin. My mom and I love her music and my family will hopefully go to her concert!                                                                  	  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/978-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Owen W. Shaw This person is the most kind, most thoughtful, and most caring person you've ever seen. She helps me with my work, teaches me all sorts of things, and cares about me when something bad happens. This person is Ms. Williss. She has the kindest heart you'll ever see. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/977-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Anngelenna Pacheco My mom is my one because she goes out of her way every morning to get me ready .she gets me stuff that i need . i love  her and she loves me too. when i don't fill good she takes me to the doctetr. when  i was trying to choose my one i was having a some trouble because every one in my life is great! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/976-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Caitlin C. The person who inspires me to be a better person is my best friend Jenna. She is always kind to anyone she sees, everyone likes to be around her, and she is never rude to anyone, ever. She is always helping anyone in need without hesitation. Jenna is also so much fun to be around, she is always smiling, and she always cares about everyone. She inspires me to be a better person, where I’m not rude to anyone, and I’m always kind to everyone. Jenna is a very talented dancer because she is determined and she works hard, that inspires me to be determined and work hard for things I love too. I hope I can be more like her one day!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/975-whos-your-one
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Sariah My one is my dad, he is the best person to talk to. He always has my back and is kind and sweet. He is nice to my family and most important to me. He makes me happy everyday and makes me laugh. He inspires to do my best and to always smile. Also, he inspires me to be happy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/974-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Nevaeh Cooper   My mom is my one because she is always a role model for me because ever since the ,month  February  started to put hearts with words that meant a lot to me like '' You are smart''.She did it just for me for Valentines day.She always is encouraging me to follow my dreams and to try my best and you can achieve anything.When I look at her she looks like a daisy in the sun because she always tells me the truth and she is one of the most beautiful things I ever seen.She is always willing to help with anything.I love her and if you ever met her I think you will think the same thing . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/973-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by cali reeves my one is my grandpa  because through out my life he always taught me to be positive  and to always stick up for people when they need you to and to also to allow people to tell you you cant do anything cause I believe  in you  and my grandpa always would do things for me and  I also remember when he would come home and bring a whole thing of chocolate to share with us and this is why my grandpa is my one. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/972-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Karissa Delitz My one is my friend Carly because she always has inspired me to do my best no matter how much I want to give up. She believes in me and will always there to cheer me on.  Whenever I am with Carly we have so much fun and she always can find a way to make me laugh when I'm down. Carly is my one because she inspires me to do my very best. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/971-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jeremiah vigil  The person I am choosing as my one is my dad because he has my back on anything I do. He has always been with me thru up's and down's. Another reason why I chose my dad is he is a really really generous guy to everyone he meets. He really care's about me. And finally, He encourages me to, follow my dreams and to stay in school.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/970-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Karissa Delitz My one is my niece Ava because she inspires me to be a better person and auntie every day . She makes me laugh  each time she is in the same room as me and her smile lights up my world. She always asks to play with me and has  the best manners any kid could ever have. Ava always does whatever someone says and I'm so proud to be her auntie. Ava is my one because she is my little inspiration. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/968-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Luke Cozzi (didn’t have time to get permission so here’s a picture of his youtube channel)   As you probably couldn’t tell by the picture, this is my cousin Evan. Him and I are pretty much best buds, we talk on facetime for as long as we’re allowed to, and we play video games until like 2 AM! I can always turn to him when I’m feeling down, and we can play video games or talk until I feel better. He’s an awesome person, and I’d like to thank him for being there for me all the time. So thanks!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/967-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Serena Genna My Parents our the ones who inspire me the most. They always tell me to do my best no matter what, whether it is in dance, cheer, school, or just anything. They encouraged me to never give up, even in tough situations. If I am sad they will know how to cheer me up. If I don’t succeed they will just tell me to work harder to reach my goals and that they are still proud of me no matter what. I appreciate this so much and love them for this. Because of them I would not be where I am today! They are the best parents ever!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/966-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Alexis   The person who inspires me is Isabella D. my friend.She inspires me to try and get better at math and Crocheting. She is good at helping people when they need help or giving good advice. She helps people when they are feeling sad or blue and need cheering up and sings beautifully and after all that she still is an excellent student at school. Isabella inspires me to become a better student everyday. So thank you Isabella for being inspiring. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/965-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$My dad inspires me to be better because he helps me when I need help. He is my best friend, he loves me and he is there for me. We spend as much time together as possible and that teaches me to be grateful for what I have. He doesn’t have to say he loves me for me to know. Love you papi. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/964-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Daniel Borhanian She is a super awesome, kind, compassionate person with a noble job (working with children with special needs) and a very healthy life.  ♥️ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/963-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Nav Mohan  My mum, best friend, problem solver, kindess soul. Always thinks about others first. Heart of gold and extremely generous and understanding! Unconditionally she loves us all. Very strong and resilient. Nothing has ever fazed her in life, and she continues to do what she believes - the right thing! Love you mummy xx $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/962-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Dawn Smith One of the kindest individuals I know is my co-worker and friend, Kelli.  She is completely amazing in terms of the support she gives to her friends, family, and/or students.  She is always willing to lift someone's spirits in the face of adversity. Her ability to rally around a person in need and "call in the troops" for support is infallible.  Many individuals have been able to bounce back and recover from setbacks much quicker and happier due to Kelli's steadfast and compassionate nature.  As a friend, family member, and co-worker, Kelli is a fountain of support and her impact of kindness works as a ripple effect in the lives of those she touches. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/961-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by jenni Luna mi perra me inspira a ser mejor persona por que un dia la saque de paseo y lo lambio a una persona que estaba en el suelo tambie cuando mi vecino se droga afuera de mi casa empiesa a ladrar. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/960-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Alondra Fuentes  My friend Javier has inspired me to have faith in myself. When I am sad,  he makes me laugh he is the one who inspires me to be kind. He gives good advice which does help me calm down. When the time I got in a serious problem he told me don't let any person get you down be you and forget about it. He is the friend I could ever ask for. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/958-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by nataneli Jenni es mi mejor amiga de todo el mundo y de la historia  ella fue la que me inspiro ,si me siento triste me dice que que no importa lo que la gente me diga o lo que la gente me haga. Ella es muy amable con la gente. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/957-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Roberto My one is my sister Alondra. She inspires me by helping others even if she is tired. She shows me to always work hard and to never give up. She showed me how to read and how to reach my goals. She always says that the best part of working hard is the accomplishments.  She always says that if somebody is feeling bad or has done something that they are embarrassed about, try to be their friend. Also she always knows how to help me feel better when I am down. She is the best sister anybody could ask for!  I chose a picture of a puppy because I know how much my sister loves them as much as I do. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/955-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Emily  My one is my teacher that  makes me a better human being because  she helps me in things about reading or when I don't understand something she's always there to help me understand things that I don't know, that's why she's my one.     $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/953-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Emily  My one is Ms. Messenger that  makes me a better human being because  she helps me in things about reading or when I don't understand something she's always there to help me understand things that I don't know, that's why she's my one     $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/952-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jordan  Layla. She is my best friend and she understands me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/949-whos-your-one
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Barbara Buckley The ladies behind Annie’s Kindness Blankets.  Delivering a handmade blanket that stands in as a hug to anyone that may need.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/948-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jacquelyn  Someone that has gone above and beyond to show me kindness is my sister, to me she is a ray of sunshine. My sister is always positive and she helps me understand that we all have to be kind and helpful to each other. My sister is my best friend she has always been there when I need her and I know I can always go to her when I need something. Every year on my birthday and hers we give something that we really like to someone who needs might need it. My sister was the one who started doing that and then got me to do it to. My sister is the most kind and helpful person I know.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/946-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by karina madrid My one is my mom because she is always there of me and she helps me achive my goals. My mom has my back no matter what even if i'm wrong or in a bad situation but she always helps me fix those bad habits. My mom always tells me to keep dreaming or to wake up and chase my dreams. Thats why i chose my mom as my one.💕 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/945-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Nicole Harris Friends for 17 years and counting. She has been with me through some major life events... happy and sad. She's my sounding board, and always reminds me that every experience provides us with a lesson and to focus on those lessons to help us grow.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/944-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by J'Naya James  My cat Harper inspired me to be kind by defending me. When a dog would try to hurt me my cat would come and save me  by hitting  the dog in the nose . I think if  one of my siblings  were in trouble  m,y cat would save them or some other  kids, and now it makes me want to protect  people.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/943-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Thomas Guzman Jr. My wife Bonnie her smile or her help snow, rain or shine won't stop her from going to visit her family, neighbors, friends, clients especially if you are ill or fund raising she has not slowed down. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/942-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by smileninjas My acts of kindness are in honor of the kindest person I know.  When the world didn't make sense anymore, her kindness made me talk and made me realise that no matter how bad things seem,  you are not alone and that someone cares enough to listen, to make you smile and give you hope that things can get better.  I hope my acts of kindness can make others feel like that. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/939-whos-your-one
Inspiring Happiness Advocate$Submitted by Joy Carrillo David Carrillo is a 10-year-old happiness advocate who believes in inspiring less fortunate children by giving them a once in a lifetime happiness experience through a kiddie party. In his words, "If they have at least one really happy memory to look back to when times get difficult, it will remind them that someone cares and thinks about them and that will hopefully lead them to make better choices and to not do a bad thing." He personally sees to it that he secures a fund for his advocacy by saving his school allowance, taking on extra tasks at home and thinking about creative solutions like auctioning his own shoes to raise fund. He also trades his own birthday party and instead shares the happiness to the needy children. Through God's Grace, and the support of David's family, friends, and generous donors, he had shared happiness with 1,445 kids already as of January 2018. He hopes to share more, love more, and inspire some more! Will you be kind enough to help us? $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/938-inspiring-happiness-advocate
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Rebecca Minks My precious daughter inspires me to be a kinder, gentler person.  My hope is to pass on kindness to her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/934-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Ava Wagner  My special one would be my mom because she inspires me to become a hard-working and independent young woman.  She has been through tough times, but she still knows how to keep herself grounded and have a positive mind.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/933-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Christine Todd My mom is a kind soul. She was a nurse and worked very hard helping others. She is an inspiration because of how she leads her life and thinks of other people. I admire my mother and she is a shining example of the person everyone should be. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/932-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jamelette C. The 'one' is my grandma. I love her so much. She always is there for me. She supports my ideas, She encourages me to continue school and to turn out someone important in life. She helps me solve situations that I may have. She takes care of me most of the time while my parents are at work. Shes always filled with joy, when I'm sad she'll try to make me smile. The picture of the flower represents my grandma because she is from Mexico and she loves these flowers because it reminds her of her childhood. She has some inside the house by the window letting it grow beautifully.  The flower is called Tithonia. Its close to a Mexican sunflower.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/931-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Brooke Stancin  The "one"  that inspires me is Tati because we always help each other out every time were in a situation. Even though since were twins we have our ups and downs we manage to always find a way to make up every time and when need advice or just someone to talk to she is always there.  Tati is like a best friend who knows more about me than anyone else and the best thing about her is that I can trust her.                    $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/930-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Ms bandy always helps me when I'm down $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/929-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Ivan My one person is my mom. she helps when i'm not in an amazing mood. she encourages me to do mt best. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/928-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Kyra Garling My one is my best friend Cheney Mast. She is my one because she has always been there for when I am going through a hard time and makes me feel valid. She knows that I have really bad depression and always need that one person to make me know that there is always someone who cares. I chose her because she has never once abandoned me when I needed her and she never falls to take my mind off of what if making me sad. I know she is one person I can always count on and always go to when i need someone to talk to or when I need a laugh. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/927-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Sofia Amster My "one" is my great grandmother. Ages 3-8  I would constantly be vomiting and my great grandfather and great grandmother would pray every day for me to get off of my medicine. Eventually I didn't have to take it anymore and  now I'm 13 years old- going on 14 in April, and I haven't taken my meds since. My grandparents have shown me the power of prayer and religion. She makes me want to be a better person and learn to put others before myself. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/926-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Nicolas My one is my brother because he cares about everyone and he is so kind and when I am about to quit on something  he would inspire me to not give up so quickly and he supports me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/925-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Eli My mom does so much for me. Almost everything she does is for me. She will do so much and is the nicest person I've met. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/924-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Paula Milner My children $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/923-whos-your-one
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Samantha Longdin I have several “ones” when I was undergoing cancer treatment, my sister came & stayed with me during & after my surgery & took care of my kids, and she organized a fundraiser for me - many of her friends contributed. Several of my neighbors organized a carpool to drive my kids to afterschool activites, and one brought my famiky dinner every time I had treatment. They were a godsend. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/922-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by nicholas My one is Kamden brown he has inspired me so much because he tells me right from wrong and he is so  nice to everyone.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/921-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Augustina  My one is my grandma. She always takes care of me but one sticks out at me. When I was home sick with flu in elementary school I throw up blood my grandma didn't know what it was (at the time). She took me in her arms and  put me in the car and took me to the hospital. She called my mom when we got inside of the emercey room.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/914-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Malika Le Moteux Hi i would like to talk about my two magnific ladies!! Margiana and Fernanda are so friendly, they are our mum at the Sheraton Paris Airport. Every day they give us our uniforms with a big hug and a big smile!!! many thanks to be like you are girls!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/913-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Surabhi Paharia My 'one' is my husband. His immense Love for everyone around him, inspires me to be a better person :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/912-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Essi  My boyfriend is my one.  Everyday he does little kind things for me: makes breakfast for me at 5:00 am eventhough he has a dayoff from work, goes and fills up my car’s gas tank if im too tired and just holds my hand when im going to sleep and he is staying up. The picture above is my all time favorite, also because of our dog. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/911-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by teresa mezzich My dad: My dad is always positive. He teaches me to take care of my health, my physical appearance. He never talks bad about another person and He is always happy. He is 89 years old and seems to be 70!! He tells me to sing, sing, any time and all the time. So, I sing when I am alone in my car. :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/910-whos-your-one
Sharing in Grief$Submitted by Patricia Holden In 1978, following a miscarriage, I was heartbroken over the loss of my first child. I sang in a Sweet Adeline Chorus in New Jersey. A fellow member, Jeanne Froelich, wrote an empathetic note to me stating that even though she’d had five babies, the miscarriage she had suffered caused her a great deal of pain, noting that it was equal whether it was your first pregnancy or your last. To this day, I still hold that letter close to my heart. Her understanding and kindness in a time when others are at a loss for words, inspired me for the rest of my life. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/908-sharing-in-grief
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Lisa Cervantez  My son has an old soul. He is wise beyond his years, has a deep sense of faith and compassion. His level of empathy for those around him is genuine. He is not perfect, but he understands right from wrong and will take accountability for his errors. He gives me a tremendous amount of hope and I am grateful to have him as my son. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/907-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Rhonda McCallum My “one” is DJ. I met him 3 years ago. He inspires me with his dedication to fitness as a trainer. Even though I don’t train with him he always makes time to answer my questions even when he’s busy.   He also run a business where he sells fitness equipment and takes university classes in the evening. His day starts at 3 am and goes well into te evening. He’s always kind, and never in a bad mood. He inspires me to do so much more and not to let things limit me  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/906-whos-your-one
Leading with Encouragement$Submitted by Shantea Gentry Mr. Zeb Talley, III, is one amazing guy! This man has many talents in his repertoire, but the one that stands out the most to me is his desire to develop and train others to be greater in their journey in life. Mr. Talley was my supervisor for a few months. The limited amount of time I had under his leadership was nothing less than magnificent. He instilled the essential training I needed to perform my role, but went beyond that and encouraged me to develop a 5-year plan to achieve professional and personal growth. It's rare that you come across a person that will honestly take the time to invest in your personal growth and elevate you. Mr. Talley finds great joy in developing others. He leads by example, he provides emotional support where needed, he is consistent with his word, and never wavers with his actions. What's amazing to me is that the 5-year-plan I wrote for myself under his leadership a year ago is actually on schedule and I have completed 2 of the 5 actions plans so far! Although he was promoted to another role and moved on to further his career, he still mentors me even today! He motivates me with encouragement which helps me to stay on track and overcome my fears. So today, I honor a great human being, a great family man, and a great spiritual leader. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/905-leading-with-encouragement
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Shanna I met Brenda via the internet 20+ years ago. When I had a family health crisis, she didn't hesitate to travel nearly 2000 miles to help me.  She cleaned, cooked, ran errands,  cared for my child, and supported me through the most difficult time in my life. There are no words to express the loving kindness she demonstrated,  and continues to show. She is my "one" because I know of no other so moved to help people no matter what's going on in her life.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/904-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Wendy Williams My little girl has the BIGGEST heart <3 She is loving and kind to ALL. She waves and says, "Hi!" to anyone she passes. She plays with babies and makes them smile. Strangers are just friends she hasn't met yet. I wish I had just a fraction of her positivity & sweetness. I want to be like her when I grow up! If more people had a heart of gold like hers, the world would be a better place. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/903-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jasmine Liew The old granny under the shelter of my house’s train track made me paused on  the last day of 2017. It was drizzling & she was wet . 👵🏽 Her pathetic sight pained my 💓 . I decided to “buy” her 3 tissue packets at a price of $1. But gave her $2 & not taking the tissue packets.  Back home at the path , I bought her a gift 🎁 Lukewarm soya bean milk Low sugar drink. 🥤🥤 Granny pls go home, is raining. She just smiled & said thank you. 😀 Open our eyes, ears & heart to feel & care for people is the first start of Personalised & authentic appreciation .👀👂🏼💓 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/902-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Nanci Taylor My RAK for 13 Feb  2018. . . We are extremely broke right now and I was returning some used goods so I could buy a few needed food items until Jack's pay comes through. . .on my way in to the grocery store there was a homeless woman sitting with a sign asking for handouts, she looked cold (it is summer here and a nice day), dirty and miserable. . .when I came out, I said to her, as I handed her a banana, "I don't have any money, but I hope this banana will help". The pure look of joy and her smile made my day. We may be broke but we have a roof over our heads, clothes in our closets, food in our kitchen. We are not going hungry. We are not cold or homeless. . .we have so much to be grateful for. I will remember that smile for the rest of my life PS. . .every winter I take the train to Melbourn'e CBD and give the homeless my extra coats, jumpers, blankets and anything else I no longer need to help them make it through the cold days and nights.  I also include soaps and shampoos that I have collected from hotels $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/901-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Kainat Chaudhry  My best friend has helped been there for me so long. She has helped me through the hardest times and always cheers me up. I love her so much. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/900-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Juliana Nacinovich Mary Odell is my "one". My one is a very special person in my life, she has impacted my past, present and future self in such a positive way, that it is very hard to repay her. She is my business teacher Mrs. Odell. She is kind, compassionate, active and hold you accountable for your work. She motivates you to always preform at your best and she won't accept anything less. Isn't it crazy how someone can know what is inside you even if you don't know it yourself? Mary Odell is this person for me. She is able to give advice to you, motivate you and watch you succeed all while taking no credit for any of the hard work she put in to make you the best you could be. The ability Mrs. Odell has to light up a room as dark as it could be beforehand, is truly admirable and her determination to see other do the same is quite laudable. Mrs. Odell inspires me to be the best version of myself everyday. The person that I want to be, along with, the one the world wants back. Because she has taught me so much about myself and the rollercoaster we branded with the name "life", I am able to appreciate everything I have and not take one thing for granted. Mary Odell is a wonderful women that deserves the world, yet if she had it she would most likely give it to one of her students because that is the incredible person she is. Mary Odell is my "one". $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/899-whos-your-one
Photographing Life's Lessons$Submitted by Suzanne Nguyen This is Cyndi Apsey and she absolutely is my ONE! She has gone through unimaginable loss and grief and yet every day awakens before sunrise to live life, capture life through the lens of her camera, and share her life and love with all of her family, those in her community, and those of us who follow her. She is faithful to post not only breathtaking photographs but tell heartwarming and funny stories of animals and farm life. Daily she posts an inspiring quote of a famous person that causes all of us who read to search ourselves deeper and to live better and more fully. I have never met a more beautiful, honest, or inspiring soul. She truly embodies what the “Random Acts of Kindness” movement is all about. She daily encourages others to extend kindness to those they do not know. Daily she suggests changing the lives of others by extending a hand or giving a smile. I cannot think of a person more deserving of this honor! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/898-photographing-lifes-lessons
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Kainat Chaudhry  My friend is a person who inspires me to be a better human being. She is always there for me and always helps me with problems that she has not been through.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/897-whos-your-one
Living Kindly$Submitted by LAURIE McIntosh  Although I’ve never met Miss Brandi Miller in person, she could not have had a more profound effect on my life if she tried! She is a first grade teacher at Caldwell Elementary in Florida. We “met” on Twitter and decided to do a Skype call with our classes (I teach kindergarten). Our friendship blossomed from there and we haven’t looked back. Brandi inspires me every single day with the way she lives her life. She models kindness for her students and fellow teachers. She believes kindness isn’t just an act, it’s a lifestyle. She inspires me with her kindness initiatives and gives me the courage and confidence to spread kindness in every way I can. From her random kindness boxes she sends to our class to her random acts of kindness she displays in her own school, she is our kindness HERO in the way she encourages us to be kind. I am grateful she is part of my life. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/896-living-kindly
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Abbie Hammond Can it be my four?  These are my children.  Each one encourages me in different areas.  They also inspire me to be a positive role model for them.  While my husband also encourages me and inspires me, our children are the ones that I see in my mind when I need encouragement, especially on a difficult day.  When I went through cancer treatment, they were my loudest cheerleaders. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/895-whos-your-one
Overcoming Obstacles$Submitted by TAMMY BLUE Thomas Blue is my son and he inspires me every day. Thomas was in a car accident in 2012; he suffered a Traumatic Brain Injury and hemiparesis of his left side. As I sit here at the hospital while he undergoes his 15th surgery, I can't help but think about what an awesome person he is. Thomas always has a positive attitude and would do anything he could to help anybody. Thomas' skull was partially crushed in the accident when he hit a telephone pole approximately 30 feet off the ground. Even with the malformations that were caused, he chose to shave his head twice for St. Baldricks to support his friend who had cancer. Though the accident left him with some ability to walk with assistance for long distances, he requires a wheelchair. However that does not stop him from signing up to do multiple charity walks for causes he believes in. He is just an amazing person and we could benefit if there were more selfless people like him in the world. This picture was taken 30 minutes before surgery and portrays Thomas' positive attitude perfectly.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/892-overcoming-obstacles
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Renee Theisen My Parents are my "One"  They inspire me every day to do my best, be kind, love others, and have a little fun, just be happy!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/891-whos-your-one
Natural Kindness$Submitted by Rhonda Wills Dunn When my dad, Leonard Wills, was home with hospice care the last 6 weeks of his life, he received many cards and had lots of visitors. They all thanked him for his kindness and acceptance. I overheard one say to him, with tears in her voice, "You were always kind to me. You always spoke to me when you saw me. I can't tell you how much that has always meant to me." Shortly before he died, my dad told me, "I didn't think I was a bad person. I didn't steal or lie. But I didn't know I'd been a good person; that I'd made a difference in people's lives." My dad's natural kindness to and acceptance of others without expecting anything in return has been my life guide. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/890-natural-kindness
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Paul Torgerson Kaycie is the most amazing, beautiful woman I know. She is selfless, works as a paramedic and treats everyone with respect and dignity. She uplifts me when Im down and believes in me. She makes me laugh and smile. My world is a better place with her in it.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/888-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by wallace The reason I chose this person is because he inspired me to become the best athlete I can possibly be. He also inspired me to get in shape. He told me if I want something in life you have to work to get it.  Cantstoptraining is the best basketball training program where we are.  Sincerely, WP  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/887-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Elliott How JGS inspires me every day. Whenever a sport has got me down or set me back, there is one person who brings me up. After a strikeout or a missed opportunity, he is there to correct me, and make me better. In the cages or on the court he pushes me to be better player so I thank him. Everything to you bro! 									                  Sincerely, 										EDS  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/886-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Robert Barrineau This is my dad he has inspired me and shown me to never do anything half way or try half as hard.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/885-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Susanna Snider  My mom is my one. She inspires me. She always goes above and beyond in caring for me and my sisters. I know it's "in the job description", but my mom really cares. She inspires me because she is always thinking of others, from my family to peoples she's never met. My mom got my sisters and I into volunteer work, she teaches us about her faith and beliefs, but also lets us create our own beliefs and ideas, and she never judges anyone before she gets to know them well, and even then she tries to find the good in them. We often argue because we are both kind of opinionated. In this picture she is volunteering at the South Carolina Aquarium Turtle Hospital. I love my mom so much and she really has made me who I am today. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/884-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Sam Laro I have only known CC for about a year and we haven’t even met face to face. Even though CC wasn’t actually there just her voice was enough to make a bond stronger than Superman. We became friends over social media and then we started to call each other every night. We are constantly talking to each other and talking about what has been going on in our life. When I was going through a rough patch she would help me, and she could always relate. We help each other out and we are fully involved in each other’s life.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/883-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by E  Waldeck I admire Gayle Morris. She is my Aunt and has worked very hard as a teacher.  She has two girls, that are my cousins. She lived in Indiana all of her life until she moved to South Carolina with my Mom. She currently works at a High School in Charleston. I look up to her because she is a very hard worker. She is also very nice and funny. I love to hang out with her and watch Colts games. I am very lucky to have her as an aunt.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/881-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Wolfus Amaedus Mozart My grandpa is my "one," and he always taught me how to take others into consideration. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/880-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Caleb My one is Deon. He is my tutor, but he is much more than that to me. He is my friend and my confidant. Not only does he help me with homework, he helps me with personal problems too. We work diligently, but we always have fun while doing so. No matter what Deon will always be my closest friend, my homie, and my one. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/879-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Alexis Manos For my one I picked my little brother. He teaches my family to not stereotype and judge people by how they look.  I said a man was creepy because he had tattoos all over his body, but my brother told me not to judge him. Then the man gave us a warm smile and a wave.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/878-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Georgia Dempsey This is DS. She is one of my best friends and is an amazing human being. She has been through so much and is so strong. I love her so much! She has always been there for me when I needed her and she never fails to make me smile! she is the best friend anyone could ask for! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/873-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Neil B I admire HA because we have been very close friends since preschool. He is one of the funniest people that I know and that is why we are such great friends. We enjoy the same hobbies such as talking, playing basketball, and hanging out. He has inspired me to be kind to other people like he always is. I am very glad that we are such great friends.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/872-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Gunnar Schachte My 'one' is my grandfather. He is the kindest person I know. He is a great role-model because of his personality and his rare accomplishments. He always greets people with the biggest smile, and also cares so much about the people in his life and around him.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/871-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Harris A. The person I have chosen is my dad (pic related) for the person in my life who inspires me to do better. The reason I have picked him is because he has taught me many important things whether it is about fishing, hunting, or how to be a better person in this world. He also has taught me how to take care of myself, be responsible, and care for my family. He doesn’t give up one me when I fail and is very patient when I do fail.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/870-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jack H My Dad inspires me to work harder in my studies. He encourages my brother to do the same and never give up. Whenever we are in a bad situation always stays positive. He helps other people when they need help and always lives each day to the fullest. He says to look forward to the next day.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/869-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Lizzy Mood My grandma has always been an inspiration to me ever since I was a little girl. She’s taught me countless life lessons that I use every day. She is so caring and gentle to everyone she meets. She makes me a better human being by learning and following suit in how she lived her life. I appreciate everything she’s ever done for me and everything she’s ever done for the people in her life.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/868-whos-your-one
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by JMH My Dad he has always been supportive me and my dreams. Also, he goes out of his way to make my dreams come true. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/867-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Darden Shuman This is my mom, Ginny Meeks. She has always been my role model. No matter what she was going through, she was always there for me, encouraging me to be the best version of myself. She has always taught me to recognize right from wrong. Even after she passed away, she is the person that has made me who I am today. No matter where I am, or who I’m with, I know that she is always with me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/866-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Andrew N. Steve Nichols is an amazing person, and even more importantly, an amazing dad.  He inspires me to look at each day as something unique, and something to look forward to.  Through his eyes, everything is positive.  He is very optimistic, likable, and looking out for others.  I don’t know anyone who doesn’t like him.  He loves to be in the outdoors, and go hunting and fishing.  He has inspired me to have a positive outlook on life and help others. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/865-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Holden T I admire JH because he is the funniest and nicest person I know. Also, one day when all the lunch tables were full I went to go sit at an open one by myself and JH saw me sitting and eating by myself so he came over and sat next to me and ate with me. I thought that him sitting next to me was super nice of him and I am very glad we are good friends. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/864-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Hal Huser Mary Moriarty was my 11th grade English teacher, and one of the biggest influences  on me, both as a teacher and as a person. She was energetic, creative, humorous, and kind. She knew her subject well, but she also knew her students.  She was very compassionate, and when I made mistakes, she was always there to lift me up and restore me. I will never forget the beautiful example that she demonstrated to all of us. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/863-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Hope-Elaine S I admire my volleyball coach because she knows what to say to get the team ready to play a big game. She always does what is best for the team. If you are having a bad day she helps you get back to playing how you normally play. She pushes us and wants us to be the best players we can. She loves volleyball She is always there for us on and off the court.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/862-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Andrew N. Steve Nichols is an amazing person, and even more importantly, an amazing dad.  He inspires me to look at each day as something unique, and something to look forward to.  Through his eyes, everything is positive.  He is very optimistic, likable, and looking out for others.  I don’t know anyone who doesn’t like him.  He loves to be in the outdoors, and go hunting and fishing.  He has inspired me to have a positive outlook on life and help others. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/861-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Daniel M. Wayne McFee has inspired me to be a better person in life, in school, and in sports. He is always respectful and understanding towards many people in his life. He cares for his family, and pushes many people to succeed in what they do. He takes the initiative to help people or bring people up if they are sad, even if he is already having a difficult day. When I am older, I hope that I will be able to help and care for people the same way that he does every day.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/860-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by William J. This is my grandfather.  He was a physician working with the Coast Guard and almost became an admiral. He taught me so many things, and set an example for who I want to be. He taught me everything I know about science. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/859-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by JMH My Dad, M. Hochman He has always been supportive of me and my dreams. My dad will also go out of his way to make my dreams come true. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/858-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Claire V. I admire my mom because she is always kind to my sister and me. She shows empathy for us when something goes wrong and tries to help us in any way. When someone is sad or hurt, she always has a way to help them feel better. She has taught my sister and me how to treat other people with kindness and respect. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/857-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Owen K. The person that inspires me is my dad. His name is Erik Kreutner and he is the principal of Mason Preparatory School. He inspires me by setting a good example for me and teaching me not to judge or stereotype people among many other things. One very important lesson he taught me was to treat others how you would like to be treated and that is very important to me. I hope I can treat people the same way he does each and every day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/856-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Claire V. I admire my mom because she is always kind to my sister and me. She shows empathy for us when something goes wrong and tries to help us in any way. When someone is sad or hurt, she always has a way to help them feel better. She has taught my sister and me how to treat other people with kindness and respect. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/855-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Claudia B. I admire a family friend because she always puts other people before her. She has had many surgeries but asks if people need help while she is in pain. Every Christmas she sends me a gift card and calls my mother for an hour because she thinks of my mother as her daughter and me as one of her many grandchildren. She has inspired me to be a better person because of how nice and selfless she is.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/854-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Hannah Roark This is DS and she is about the strongest person I know. She has been through so much and stayed brave and strong through it all. She has taught me so much about how to stay positive and happy during bad days and “rough patches” in life. She has never failed to make me laugh and she inspires me every day.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/853-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Sophia C. I admire my school volleyball coach because she always believed in me. During the volleyball season she would be encouraging and tell me ways that I could improve. She should me how to be a great team player and to never give up on myself or my team.  She has such a kind and caring heart and always wants to help. Every time I play volleyball I think of her. She reminds me to stay positive and to help my teammates when they are down. I was so lucky to have her as my volleyball coach. I am thankful for everything she has taught me.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/852-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Georgia Dempsey   This is my grandma, Nanu, she inspires me to be a better person every day. She has been through a lot but stays positive and happy and never fails at making me laugh. She always tells me live every moment because you don’t know how long you have. She volunteers at her local food bank and gives every day to those in need. My grandma will always be my inspiration and my best friend!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/851-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Caroline Cochran  Jodie Cochran is the kindest person I know. My mom is always showing me kindness and putting others first. she is always looking for a way to be kind and ever since I was young she taught me how to be kind. She is always supporting me and helping me become the best person I can be. She is always finding the best in everyone and I hope to grow up and be like her.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/850-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Robert Mallard  Mr. Horne is a very caring, encouraging person. he treats everyone the same, and always has a smile and a happy attitude.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/849-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Alma L. T.M. is one of the most inspirational people I know. They represent many of the things I want to be in life. They are very resourceful, kind, and they always try to find solutions to my complaints. They taught me problem solving, and even though I hated it at first, I’m thankful for all they’ve done for me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/848-whos-your-one
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Raegan I look up too many people in this world, but the main one would have to be my counselor. I have been seeing her for more than 5 years now, and she has helped me tremendously. Whenever I go, I can vent, and she always listens carefully, and gives me advice. She is always kind to my family and I, and I admire the work she does. Even though it is her job to help people, she makes me feel special and not so alone. It’s nice to look up to people with such kind-hearts.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/847-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Princess I admire my mom because she is a very outgoing person and she is very hard working. My mom shows me to never give up even when things get hard or they aren’t going my way. My mom never says no, and she will do anything and everything for a friend or family member. My mom is caring, she always makes sure everyone is taken care of and she is always there for any one to vent to. She will help them in any way she can. My mom is an amazing person and mother.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/846-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jessica Klump I chose AHW because she’s kind to everyone and if she sees someone sitting alone she’ll go up and talk to them. She always finds a way to make everyone smile and is very supportive. She sends hilarious texts all the time to cheer me up or to just make me laugh. She also facetimes me whenever she can and we could talk for hours. She is my best friend. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/845-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Ella  I admire SE I admire her because she has shown me how to care for others, be honest, and helpful at the same time. Within the past three years she has shown me what it is like to have challenges and fight through them. She may have been hurting on the inside but did not let anyone see it at inappropriate times. She has also taught me how to be nice to people even if you don’t like them or are friends with them.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/844-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Gracie  Philp This is Lisa Philp. She is my mom. She inspires me because she is incredibly kind and nurturing. Whenever I am lonely or sad she always tells me everything is going to be alright. When people have bullied me in the past she encourages, and tells me it is okay. She always knows how to make me smile or laugh. She is the kindest person I know. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/843-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Filippa van der Kolk I choose Sarah, because she is always supporting. She makes me smile even though I feel like hiding under a blanket and never get up. She always gives me a reason to be happy and smile. She is my inspiration to do good in life and to be kind. She is the best friend in the whole wide world.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/842-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Dan McNamee The person who inspires me is my cousin Kendra Bailey. She is an incredible CrossFit athlete and coach. Every time I hear about Kendra’s accomplishments, I am inspired to make better choices about my body and health. Kendra has an incredible drive to push her limits. I hope I got some of that gene! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/841-whos-your-one
Inspiring Kindness$Submitted by Beth Dillon My ONE is Randy, my husband. He has shown Random Acts of Kindness to me almost every day for over 30 years. Sometimes he does simple things, like make a salad for my next day's lunch while he is making one for himself. He has suprised me with my very favorite dessert simply to express his kindness to me. When I ask for help with something he does what he can to help. He shows his greatest acts of kindness by not giving up on me when I fail to be as kind as I should to him. This commitment is an on-going act of kindness. Receiving kindness from him and others is contagious and inspires me to show kindness to others. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/840-inspiring-kindness
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Elena Kogun A Russian mum-of-two who adopted five kids, some of them with special education needs. I’ve come across Olesya Lihunova’s post today and was amazed how generous she and her husband were.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/839-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Vinniepotimus  My dad! He is the best person he is nice and kind and funny.  He is the best  at what he does and he helps me and my brother when we get stuck on something or if we do not understand something, $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/838-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Aidan kerbis  My dad inspires me because he helps me when I fall. He also helps me practice and get better at the sport I love . $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/837-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Fran Clem When I needed to have the support and presence of someone for a medical procedure, she was there. When I needed someone to talk to who listens with kindness and compassion, she is there. She provided transportation, conversation, support and offered to do it again if needed. I am grateful beyond words. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/836-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Alexander Ptasinski My dad  inspires me because he has tells me the me to do good in school $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/835-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by IS My mom because when I make mistakes in volleyball she will always tell me that it was in the past and when ur on the court just focus and it helps me $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/834-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Maylyn my mom, we argue and bicker, but at the end of the day she has taught me everything i need and tries everyday to better herself and always goes for her goals. She is there when i need to cry or yell, and just knows how to connect with everyone. I’ve never met anyone who is so small, yet so full of hope and determination and still be able to help everyone else. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/833-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Elijah I’m thankful for my father for pushing me to be the best I can be and getting me to improve in everything $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/832-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Harley herrick She is my bestfriend and she helps me through everyday.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/831-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Gabi My best friend karyme who's always there for me  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/830-whos-your-one
Counseling Positivity$Submitted by Sara Schroeder Michelle Tubilla (on the left) is a person who has truly inspired me to be a better human. We are both school counselors and used to work together at the same highschool. She is the most kind, sweet, peaceful person I have ever met. She always sees the glass half-full, she motivates kids and adults with her inspiring words, and still makes time for her own three children as a single mom! She will always give others the benefit of the doubt and, even when people make mistakes, she strives to teach them to learn from the mistake, instead of ridiculing them. Everyday she is positive and even when the day is rough she looks for the silver lining. She is kind to each and every person and is also kind to her community and the world. Truly I cannot say how much she inspires me to be a better person. When I think about what a positive and loving character she is, it brings tears to my eyes and I am happy that she is in my life as a co-worker and friend. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/829-counseling-positivity
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Amber Bohm I have already submitted my "one" about my co-worker Angie Lobato, but I JUST took a picture of her in our hallway and wanted to share it.  We call this our "Wonder Wall" because it is a year in review of all of the kindness projects we have done this year.  Most recently she got the whole school on board to donate shampoo to our local food bank.  All of the donations are visible in our hallway, and she is pictured hanging up a sign to let the rest of the school population know just how good they did!  She is seriously an amazing "kindness expert"!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/828-whos-your-one
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Teaching and Spreading Kindness $Submitted by Amber Bohm My 'one' is my co-worker Angie Lobato. We teach in a classroom for students with severe behavior and emotional disabilities, and have a constant focus on Kindness. We started last year during Random Acts of Kindness week and really saw the impact it made on our students, ourselves, and the people we were "sharing kindness" with. We wrote a grant to continue random acts of kindness throughout this year. Our classroom now goes out into the community (along with inside our building) once a month to donate items, volunteer, and just do our part to spread kindness. Angie teaches social skills in our classroom everyday; the RAK Foundation's daily kind video is part of her lesson plan every day! She is also the "project manager" of our "kindness project" and plans all of our RAK projects each month. She has planned something for each day of this week and it is AMAZING! Not only does she do an outstanding job with our students and staff, but she is truly this way (thoughtful, kind, generous, caring, etc.) in her daily life. She is an inspiration and should definitely be recognized!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/827-teaching-and-spreading-kindness
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Dimitra My coworker and friend, our wonderful art teacher who has been a part of our school district for 46 years,  amazes me every day with her creativity and spark.  She is always helping her students learn and grow  and is a positive influence.  Her daily acts of kindness do not go unnoticed. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/826-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Luis Daniel Sanchez  I love my dad because he helps me get better and he pushes me to the limits to get better at school and sports. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/825-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Sedona Rohde My mom is the one person who has never stopped caring and always pushed me to do my very best. One thing she always says is "If you've been strong enough to get through the hell that you have, you can get through this too." My mom is my best friend. We have had our ups and downs, arguments, and times when we have ignored each other completely, but I will always love my mom unconditionally. She has been there for me when no one else seemed to care. She has held me when i'm crying so hard I can't breathe. She has been there to defend me when i'm being bullied and to be the one to nicely bully me too :) My mom has always been my biggest support and my motivator. I would do anything for her. She always works so hard for what she wants in life and she's a strong woman for sure. I wouldn't trade her for the world. My mom is the best, and I love her with all of my heart.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/824-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Julia Salazar My "one" would be my son.  He continues to show kindness to everyone on an everyday basis.  He has always been this way since he was very little.  Thinking and putting other first is a natural thing for him.  He makes me want to be a better person.  I believe that he will do great things in this world and will make this world a better place and the lives of people he touches will be better for it as he grows into adulthood.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/823-whos-your-one
Life-Saving Rescue$Submitted by Dana Beck This young girl, 19-years-old at the time, saved my father's life. He has a hoveround because he cannot walk. He was crossing the railroad tracks in our community and his wheel became stuck. He was hollering for help as cars went around him, but was ignored by many passersby. A train was coming and he began to get very worried. Ashley heard my father's pleas from her home and ran over to try to free his chair. As a last resort, with the train quickly approaching, she pulled him backwards out of his chair. A moment later, the train struck and demolished the motorized wheelchair. He was only seconds away from death. She was presented our home town hero award in September 2015. I owe her everything for saving my father's life. Not many young girls would do something like this. She is truly an angel in our eyes. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/822-life-saving-rescue
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Karsin My mom, she is willing to help me and anyone at anytime. she gives the love that no one else could and i am happy she is in my life. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/821-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by morgan  my 'one' is my best friend sydney because she's the one who puts a smile on my face everyday and makes sure i'm doing the best that i possibly can do. she's strong  shes been through and it inspires me to be strong because no matter what shes going through she always pulls through it.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/820-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by bella rasinski  my "one" is my mom. everybody loves her and everytime she walks into a room seh just lights it up with her attitude and even if she's mad at you or upset she will do anything in the world to make you smile. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/819-whos-your-one
Firefighting With Compassion$Submitted by Joyce Cooley My one is my daughter, Maegan. She has always had such a positive outlook on life and people. She decided in middle school that she wanted to be a firefighter, but college took her in a different direction. Between her junior and senior years of college, she decided she was going to pursue what she had always wanted to. She is now in her 5th year as a firefighter. I didn't select her as my "one" because she is a firefighter; I selected her because of her heart and compassion for others. She is very involved in charitable organizations through the fire department and church. She teaches her children how to be involved and kind as well. She truly models for others what kindness looks like, whether it be organizing a group to work a charitable event, simply helping others when needed, or giving that much needed hug. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/817-firefighting-with-compassion
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Abbey Thurstin Brittne has  been my best friend for about 3 years. Shes stayed by my side through the thick and thin. Her smile makes me smile. If im down, she calls me to make sure i´m doing okay. Although we argue, i know shes not going anywhere because she promised me to never leave my side. i love her with everything i have and even more than that.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/816-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by megan Her name is lavada, i have known her for as long as i can remember. she has been there for me thru everything. shes my rock. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/813-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by jessica smith My one is my grandma because she always helps me to be strong and helps me when I'm in a bad mood. She is my one. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/812-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by jessica smith My one is my grandma because she always helps me to be strong and helps me when I'm in a bad mood. She is my one. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/810-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Maya McGill My "One" is my Language Arts Teacher.  Going to her class is the favorite part of my day, not because I like LA, because I love being in the class with her. Every morning when she walks into the room, she makes it brighter. She is super kind. She is the one who encouraged us to do Capture Kindness. She inspires me to do so many things, like reading more, I am now a poet, taking photos, and so much more! She has just made my 1st year in middle school (yes, I am in 6th grade) more comfortable. She is the best teacher I have ever had, and to be honost, 6th grade would really suck if I wasn't in her class. Thank you so much, Mrs.Ridder. (Kim Ridder) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/808-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Charlie My one is my mom, she always kept me comforted while my Pappaw was in the hospital and when he died there. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/804-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Kitty Isaac My dog, Wolfie! I want to be the best I can be to make sure he is cared for, loved and kept active and happy. He's my hero. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/803-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jennifer Chapman Riordan Mrs. Miske inspires my daughter each and every day to be the best person she can be, and for that we are grateful. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/802-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Lauren Wallingford My one is Jessica Starr! there aren’t enough words to describe how grateful i am to have Jess in my life!! She truly is the definition of a #toughchick her presence lights up a room and her smile is infectious!! She is absolutely my role model as well as so many other peoples. I know i always think what would Jessica do whenever I’m in a tough situation. I am also more outgoing and willing to get involved in my community all thanks to Jess. She inspires me constantly and I’m so lucky to have her in my life!!! #rakweek2018 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/800-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Denise Moreland This guy in my “one” Because what he does for me doesn’t compare for what I do for him. He’s my protector, my exercise buddy,  my best friend and so much more. I always tell him he rescued me more than I rescued him. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/799-whos-your-one
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Nick Savage  My grandma Sharon went above and beyond for me and those around her.  She always volunteered at schools and made those around her feel special by sending cards, baking cakes and helping out.  I miss her so much but will always remember how special she made me feel. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/798-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Ariana This is an old picture of me and my best friend. She helps me get through life, make me laugh, cheers me up and is overall a wonderful friend. She is strong and brave and I love her like a sister. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/797-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by QIJIE YAN(JERRY) This is for the purpose of meeting our special party. Let us feel especially warm in strange places. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/796-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by QIJIE YAN(JERRY) This is the worker who helps our home network. In order to help us get on the Internet as soon as possible, he has worked very hard for a long time. Special thanks for his hard work! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/795-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by QIJIE YAN(JERRY) This is my first good friend I've ever met in America. We went school together and played  together after school every day.She has helped me a lot in language learning. It was the last time we had a group photo at the gate of primary school. Now she has back and I miss her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/794-whos-your-one
CharacterStrong!$Submitted by Hans Appel John Norlin is the co-creator of an amazing School Culture program called CharacterStrong! CharacterStrong focuses on Kindness, Service, and Empathy. With John’ help and guidance, Enterprise Middle School has made it our school-wide, year-long mission to ask the following quesion: What will you do for others TODAY? This question, which John challenged us to ask of ourselves and others, has become the catalyst to a culture where kindness is NORMAL! John’s influence on our Wildcat Nation is unbelievable and worthy of recognition! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/793-characterstrong
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Tara Nelson Jodi embraces everyone she comes in contact with, literally and figuratively. She freely shares compliments and encouragement. She loves wholly and accepts everyone. Whether I need her to tell me it's going to be okay or to suck-it-up, I can count on her to be there every time. She reminds me every day that I am worthy of love, that I am beautiful, and that I belong. My life is forever changed because I know this vivacious, honest, gritty woman. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/792-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Sarah Meske  Students. Our RAKactivist Club is selling valentines carnations here in the desert where some kids don’t get to see “real flowers “ the most common question I was asked today was : Are they real?  Students are always inspiring and remind you of your blessings and that the small things matter in life. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/791-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Ava Elliott MY DAD : • always there for me even when I don’t know • goes above and beyond for anyone especially me • always by my side physically and mentally • always and I mean ALWAYS puts a smile on my face even when I am down • no one could ever top how much MY DAD loves me  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/790-whos-your-one
Kindness First$Submitted by Chantel Schieffer Brenda Peterson has a new motto for 2018: Kindness First. This is what she says: “From my perspective, kindness is that place in your heart that is wide open, gracious, and compassionate. When you look through the lenses of kindness there is no evil, sadness, or hate. There is only understanding, tolerance, and respect. When we give kindness away it will always come back to us. One kind action leads to another and another and another.” $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/789-kindness-first
Contagious Passion$Submitted by Kaja Knight I have had many people inspire me to be a better human throughout my life. I am grateful for all of them, but right now I want to recognize my boss, Dr. Rozina Lakhani. Not only does Dr. Rozina have a contagious passion to help decrease people's suffering, she inspires excellence. When I started working for Dr. Rozina, I was a good employee, but she inspired me in a way that very few bosses ever do. She showed me that she cares about ME. She has given me opportunities to grow that I never thought possible and she never fails to make sure I know how much she appreciates me. Now, I don't only want to do a good job as an employee, I want to do a good job for her so I can do my small part in her dream to help over one million people live a happier life. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/788-contagious-passion
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Mike Nelson Pedde My best friend, my wife, my life, and my one true love. In one week we will have known each other 25 years! Marcia is the person who taught me how to love. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/787-whos-your-one
Teaming with Newberry$Submitted by Kimson Johnston Nancy is a front line Wellness ambassadors. She has been a bright spot since her first day with us and continues to be a of wealth of knowledge with her kind and compassionate presence to all who enter our wellness center. This picture is of Nancy and her Newberry, a therapy dog who has accompanied her on the front lines after many post-critical incidents.  Newberry also accompanies her to cheer children who are very ill at local hospitals and elderly persons who need some encouragement and cheer. She is a shining example of what it takes to offer others joy and a bit of hope at a time when life has brought vulnerability and tragedy. They are quite an inspiration to many and make a difference in other's lives. What an awesome team! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/785-teaming-with-newberry
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Olivia My friend Joy. When I get mad at someone she’s always encouraging me to go to them and make up with them. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/783-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Olivia My best friend, Abby, from my swim team. Comforted me when I was really upset about missing a cut time by four tenths of a second. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/782-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Ginny O'Dell My 'one' is Ruth.  She is a lady I met while living in Canada.  She is a retired missionary.  Probably the most kind person I have ever known.  She was a great friend and confidant during a time when I most needed one.  She has continued to be my friend for the past 20+ years.  Now that she is much older and is suffering from dementia, she is still a kind person which tells me that the kindness is deeply in bedded  in her being.   I strive to be more like her.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/781-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Michelle Hill  Elizabeth is a boss, turned friend, turned true soul sister. Whenever I'm having a tough time she's definitely one I turn to for advice even though she lives in Honolulu and I live in Cleveland. Her energy motivates, inspires and releases negativity.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/780-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jadon Rivera My one is my mom. My mom has been there when I was sad. She is really nice. She cares for me, and loves me, my brother, sister, and dad. She's there for me when I need her. I thank her for every thing shes done for me. Shes kind because she does a lot of favors. She takes me places and buys me things. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/776-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Rina Consuegra I work at Community Prep School in Prov. RI 4 years ago I started a group called #makekindnessthenorm on Friday we made almost 100 PB & J sandwishes to give out to the homeless waiting in line for a bed.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/771-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Nathan Rasmussen My daughter is everything to me. She is not born and I am not married but everything I do everyday will help create the father I need to be to her. I want to be able to lead by example when the hard questions come when she is older. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/770-whos-your-one
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Rachel My friend Ariel. Is the best. She is alway there for me. And she always where’s pick swecherts. And when I fell bad or scared to say something am scared to tell someone or her. I tell her and she keeps it a secret. And I am very thankful about her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/769-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Dominic Millie bobby Brown is an inspirational actress who tells people to follow your dreams so I will. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/767-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Darien  My one is Jenny Finch. She is my one because she inspires me whenever I pitch and play first base. If I make a mistake in pitching I think of her and her incredible pitching. It motivates me to pitch well. She inspired me to play First and Pitcher. I fell in love with this position and I have to give credit to her when I think about it. She is part of the reason I play the positions I do. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/766-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Melissa Benson  My daughter Rowan  is performing random acts of kindness all week at her school as the kindness fairy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/765-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Chloe Carli Llyod is my one because she goes above and beyond to reach her goals.  So it makes me want to try my hardest to.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/764-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Marko Ray Begay Hugo Viana.  Healer. Wizard of Body Mechanics, Muay Thai mentor, Jui-jitsJiu-jitsu mentor, Good man, wise, noble and kind soul $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/763-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Alischa Staggs Joshua is my only grandson and he's fighting stage 3 Alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma. I am so honored to be his grandmother and see his heroic fight and witness first hand all the random acts of kindness from even total strangers.  I makes me more aware to be the person who can pay It forward by finding ways everyday to be kind. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/762-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Ali My mom has gone to hell and back for me I love her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/760-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Ryleigh Willenbrock Hailey Shoenebeck is one of the nicest people I know in every situation, even when she gets nothing in return $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/759-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by marissa welch  my ‘one’ is bri. she always shows me amazing love and always tells me and everyone she knows and doesn’t know how amazing they are and shows how strong she is and lifts people up when she feels her wort and that inspires me so much.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/758-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by D'Arcy My boyfriend put a brownie in my backpack at school when I was sad.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/757-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Xavier Valentin Bradford RAK WEEK          The person in my life that really inspires me to be kind is my grandma. I choose my grandma because she is the kindas person on the planet. She always gets back up and lets no one make her feel bad about herself. Also, she is always nice to me and she loves me so much and I love her the same way as much as she loves me.           When I am around here she makes me feel safe when I am around her and she likes to comfort me a lot. And that is why she inspires me to be kind to other people even when they get me mad or sad. Also, she lets me have a lot of sleepovers at her house because she has an Xbox one s because it was my uncles. Then, he gave me his Xbox and I just leave it at my grandmas because I don't want my younger siblings to break it.         Also, she is so kind to let me come over whenever I want to play or to hang out with her. Also, we have a lot of fun together we have ice cream, we go swimming, and we go to theme parks.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/755-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Matthew Staubitz 	In my life I've had a lot of role models in my life in this prompt I will be talking about my grandma. My Grandma goes above and beyond to show me love I thank her for that every day. She has spoiled me and my sisters and shown the love in her heart to show that she loves us everyday since we were born. I thank her for being so kind to me and my sisters and for showing kindness to almost everyone we meet so I thank her for that.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/754-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Leah McKay 	When someone asks me who do I look up to, I don’t say anyone because I don’t look up to anyone. But when they ask me who is the most kind the most enjoyable person in your life, I respond with my sister. My sister has been with me my entire life always been there for me and supports me in everything I do. We have been through everything together and I mean everything, the good the bad. We do argue, don’t get me wrong. We are not perfect of course and no one is. We are so close to each other we can talk about anything with each other. That’s who is there for me every day.   And to go along with that she loves playing games with me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/753-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Ryan Sadowsky Jessica Starr goes beyond the meaning of that one person who inspires so many!! She has such a kind heart and dedication to spreading love through dancing and doing for others. As a young 14 year old dancer I have learned so much about dedication and kindness through Jessica!!  I was inspired to start my own campaign of collecting shoes for the homeless! It is Jessica’s selfless acts that make the world a better place! I am so lucky to be apart of it!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/752-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by jack abbott My incredible partner, the love of my life, inspires me every day. She's always striving and pushing for us to do our very best. Never settles. She supports me no matter what kind of mood I'm in. She loves us unconditionally. Donna is my dream come true. I don't want to think about what my life might be like without Donna Jones. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/751-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Izabella caprio  There is a boy named Ryan Tobias, and he was very kind to me. In ela we have this thing were we have tickets, and if we forget something we give it to the teacher or if you need to go to your locker. So one day i forgot my homework in my locker and the class was going over it. Ryan looked at me a nd gave me one of his tickets. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/750-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Alyssa Reed My one is my best friend Brooke. She’s always been here for me when i was down, or needed a friend, or just wanted a friend to be with me. Sometimes she made me feel better and helped me even when she wasn’t aware that I was hurting and resend help. She makes me laugh until my stomach hurts, and she makes my days a lot better when I have her there. I don’t know where I would be right now without Brooke, but I’m really thankful that I have her, and I hope she stays in my life forever. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/747-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Kaylee Brewington Daniel has been there with me through everything over the past 3 and a half years. He is my other half, my partner in crime, and my star in the black of night. He supports me in most of the things I do and with out him I would be absolutely lost. He goes above and beyond to make sure I feel loved and I always end the day on a happy note❤️ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/746-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Avri Dankenbring.  My one best friend in the whole world. She is the best person ever but she gets into trouble and goes through hard times like all of us. I remember a year or so ago we were both depressed deeply. I would plaster a smile and act like I was fine to try to cheer her up. She knew it and forced herself to get better because I had tried so hard without thinking about myself. When she found out, it was almost too late and I had planned on ending everything. She talked me out of it and any signs of her past depression gone. She just wanted her friend back. She inspires me to be better than I ever was. She tried so hard for me as I once did for her and ripped herself the rest of the way out of the hole that had threatened to swallow her up before and she pulled me out with her. I love her dearly.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/744-whos-your-one
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Lydia Hill Tony Deaton has been an inspiration to me for my adult life.  I was part of his voice studio and he taught me how to be passionate about music and teaching. I myself became a music teacher because of the inspiration he gave me. I aspire to be a teacher of his caliber. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/743-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by MaKena  I just want to thank my friends for always being there for me when I’m in a bad place.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/742-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Alexis Samatmanivong  Austin Hanke has been around since day 1 and has yet to hurt, betray, or lie to anyone. He is strong and a great friend. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/741-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Karmen :)  He was the one who was constantly motivates me to be a better person not only to myself, but to everyone else in my life. He’s picked me up when I was broken and showed me new ways of life and my life has never been the same, right after I met him. ❤️ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/740-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Allyson My boyfriend. He inspires me everyday to be the best person i can be. He believes in me no matter how much i dont believe in myself. Thanks to him, i have accomplished so much. I’m so thankful to have someone so supportive by my side  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/739-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Allie Pruett This is Melissa. She is weird enough to fit in this category. She helps me out quite a bit when I have random anxiety attacks and reassures me.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/738-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Abi She has been there for me since I moved to Missouri and has helped me through the lowest of lows. She’s made me laugh when I was crying and laugh so hard that I cry. I’m so very thankful to have her in my life.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/737-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Elizabeth Guy Noelle Esquire is one of the most caring, kind individuals I have ever had the pleasure of knowing. In seeing her service to others through her work in the non-profit industry, I've been inspired to give back through my work as well.  My friendship with Noelle has made me a more open-minded and accepting person. She never discriminates or judges anyone, and genuinely cares about everyone around her. Just being in her presence makes me feel compelled to be a better person. She deserves all the happiness in the world!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/736-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jordan Jamison My one is my girlfriend. My girlfriend Leya and I have been dating for 3-4 months now and she has told me to be myself no matter what. Sometimes I think I am ugly, and she says, "No, your beautiful. Never say that again." She shows me that I am awesome and I am beautiful. Thank you. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/735-whos-your-one
Partnering Through Highs and Lows$Submitted by Kate McGormley Many years ago, my mom was on a committee for our church to bring in the next minister. The committee brought in the McGormley family. Years later I ended up marrying their son, Joel. I thank my mom every day for being on that committee. I think God had something to do with it too! Joel is my one. When I was diagnosed with bi-polar disorder and hospitalized during our engagement, he drove hours to visit me. He believed I would get better. He didn't run when it was really scary. For the last 15 years, he's embraced my best days and gently guided me through my low days. Because of his steadfast and caring heart, I have had very few lows. He makes me laugh and his love has given me the courage to share my story and be myself. It was Joel, in 2013, who encouraged me to create a blog about kindness and do daily kindness acts with my young boys. Joel is the one who follows through always. He texts to check in when something important is going on. He teaches our boys what it means to care for one another. He reminds me to not take things too seriously. I am a better and kinder person because we found each other. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/733-partnering-through-highs-and-lows
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Zayvion His name is Midnight he's my dog . He makes me laugh all the time, and he does tons of stupid stuff. But my he's my dog.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/732-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Elizabeth My grandpa and i have a really close relationship, he is like my bestfriend. We watch old western movies together and listen to blue grass music. But he inspires me to do better and that if i work hard i can accomplish anything. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/731-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Denhym Johnson My one is my dad hes always help me get through the most of the hardest time and i appericate him for that $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/730-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Cole Lawson My grandma inspires me the most, because she is always there for me and encourages me to do better in school. She also inspires me to be better overall as a person. I love my grandma very much and I always will, because she has helped me get through a lot of tough times. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/729-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by alison  my mom she is the one that tells me to good in school and I want to be like her she went through a lot when she was little, she  would move everywhere and could not get a good education but she told herself she can do it and know she has a good job and she is proud of herself because she is providing for me and my sister  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/728-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Charlie Ortega Following the cliche my one would have to be my mum. She gives me the hope that theres not only suffering in this world but also much love. and theres so much to live for. She gave me strength to show my true colors and not hide my true self. That happiness beyond the closet. She was a woman who taught me to love myself and helped with the tough moments  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/725-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by jasmine alanis This person helps me through every bad situation that encounters me. Even though my one may be a little complicated and all, but im very grateful for him. His heart is very pure and sincere. No one motivates me more then him, he motivates me to grow and be successful,hopefully we both prosper together and conceive true happiness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/724-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by kendria he is the best youngest rapper out here his music is better then anyone is song you the one and solar eclipse are amazing he is the most cutes youngest  rapper ever his name is NBA young boy his music got me threw rough times  u should listen to his music $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/723-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Kathy Pena- Ramirez  There's not only one person that shifts my world but its all the people that have stuck with me through everything. I appreciate the blessings and for being here today and that's all thanks to god. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/722-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by A GOAT She's amazing really! Even though she's mad at me, I really care about her. I know I messed up and stuff, but I'm not trying to lose her. I love everything about her, she has no flaws, she looks amazing and I love her more than anything. I don't know what I would do without her. She's my world, I'll do anything for her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/721-whos-your-one
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by jezlin renteria this person has been there for me for 3 years now .  they make me happy and i like  having them by my side. we have had our bad times but we always get over it. we both trust each other and care for each other. i wouldnt trade this person for anything  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/720-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jasigh My One is Ajayi which is a running back for the Philadelphia Eagles which just won his first super bowl and when I get older I want to personally be a running back just like him. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/719-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by savanah my mom $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/718-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jailyn Ford If i fight my best friend would jump in, if Im mad she mad, if i cry she laugh.Shes my best friend and can't nobody replace her! We have secrets, we have memories, and i would not have made it through these tough middle school years with a good laugh if it wasn't for her!I would call her in the middle of the night just to get a good laugh with her or even a good secret, she forever my ride or die even when we argue, and fight! ❤ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/717-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by kayla  one person who inspires me is Michael Jordan. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/716-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jhaeda Estes She is smart, caring, and always there for others, she is  very strong and loving person and goes out of her way to help others. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/715-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Stephanie Barrios I wouldn't say anyone specific its all the poets. I listen to them or read them and it makes me feel better about my self ,some of them inspire me. One of the poets is Rupi Kaur. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/712-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Stephanie Barrios I wouldn't say anyone specific its all the poets. I listen to them or read them and it makes me feel better about my self ,some of them inspire me. One of the poets is Rupi Kaur. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/711-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Taylor  That one person who inspired me to be a kinder person is my sister Tyler. Tyler is so kind to me she gives me things when I don’t ask her for it. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/707-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Luis Daniel Sanchez  My mom because she tells me to push myself at everything I do and get better at it. She made me a better human being by helping me with homework and to focus on school instead of doing other stuff like playing video games. She also helps me become a better person because she always tell me be nice to people and I learned a lesson to help other people and be nice. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/704-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Mia Mrs.Georganas. She inspires me to be myself and when something is hard she says #bringiton. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/702-whos-your-one
Raising Awareness Through the Arts$Submitted by Kelly Sems Jessica Starr is the Creative Director of the non-profit MusEffect whose mission it is to raise awareness about difficult social issues through the art of dance, music, spoken word, and videography. She is my ONE that inspires me to be a better human, to try everyday to be a little more kind, a little more strong, a little more compassionate, and a better version of myself! She challenges me to be a better leader and role model and to find new ways to get involved so that my voice will be heard! She empowers me and all of those around her to be kind and speak up for those who need more kindness in this world. She has ignited a Muse4Kindness across the nation that encourages our youth to do random acts of kindness and to also give back within their own communities!! I am so grateful that she is in my life! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/700-raising-awareness-through-the-arts
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Dawn Wain  Chris is the one on the right blonde hair in the photo I have had to have surgery on my shoulder and have not been able to drive she has picked me up from physio in derby and taken me home to Burton without a question just pure friendship and kindness a great friend when I need her x $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/699-whos-your-one
Annie's Kindness Blankets$Submitted by Barbara Buckley I would like to nominate three sisters. They started a kindness campaign called Annie's Kindness Blankets after their mom passed by suicide on March 30, 2015. Angela (19), Christina (17), and Mia (8), decided to send an everlasting-hug to anyone that may need it. They send handmade blankets that have a label sewn in that speaks of kindness and paying it forward. They originally set a goal of 35 blankets to send out, but have now given out over 1600 blankets! You can find their story on YouTube. They are amazing young women who do a random act of kindness every single day. To read more about them, please visit www.annieskindnessblankets.org and download the PDF. It shares their story and many links that speak of their kindness. Thank you, Annie's Aunt Barbara (the girls' great-aunt) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/698-annies-kindness-blankets
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Arad Ocana-Covarrubias My first ever 'one' was my first ever friend. I met her in 5th grade. She showed me what it felt to have someone to take your loneliness and pain away. She showed me what it felt to have a friend that really cares about you. I miss her...she's just a memory now...a happy memory that I will never forget...  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/697-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Brian, makes me want to be a better friend to people who mean a lot to me.  When he truly cares about someone nothing matters but making them happy on special days like birthdays and holidays. His music also helps me when im feeling sad. Tysm Brian ilysm $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/696-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Gus Navarro My grandmother inspires me to do random acts of kindness. she made n organization that helps poor and homeless people people. she has done the most random acts of kindness I have ever seen.     $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/695-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Cristal My father inspires me in so many ways. The most humblest man I've met, always helps out when he can even if its something little.  Always encouraging anyone to do their best, he said "If you have the privilege to help out, go for it, good things always come back to you." $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/693-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by jacob mahler  sam because he is a really good person because he helps everyone and he always stay positive   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/692-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Mahnoor Khan Allama Iqbal was an inspirational leader who's quotes/poems have motivated me to stay positive. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/691-whos-your-one
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by jennifer jimenez-galindo The 'one' for me is my friend/ ex boyfriend. he has helped me get through life. he has helped me when i was scared. he was the one who i told i was harassed by his friend. he was the one who helped me with get through life. i could talked to him whenever. he was the one who talked me some sense. he is the one who i could talk to about my problems at home and at school $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/690-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Mrs.Georganas, She's smart and very inspirational and always motivates me. She teaches us that failing is part of life and we shouldn't be afraid of it. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/689-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Haley My 'one' is my grandparents. They are so strong and hardworking. Their main focus is God. They are God praising church-goers. I have never seen anyone so committed to something. They are the best people you will ever meet. They will spoil you but will also teach you life lessons.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/687-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Gavin Kerbis My uncle Patrick inspired me to become a better person. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/685-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Lana  When Mrs.Georganas puts on motivational videos it makes me think twice about my choices in life and it is very inspiring.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/684-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by sam my dad inspires me with hockey by making me work and yelling at me a lot.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/683-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by jennifer jimenez-galindo The 'one' for me was my friend Ameerah. She was the one who told me to stop hurting myself. She is the one who help me get through a break up. she is the one who is like a sister to me. she is the one who i can talk to about anything. she is the one who has helped me get through problems at home and at school. she was the first person who i told i was sexually harass. she is the one who let me cry on her shoulder. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/676-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jessica Jackson Wang from Got7 inspires me because he is always so polite and puts his best effort forward every day. He works hard and is an inspiration for his character and pure kindness to everyone. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/675-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Brandon8th my one is PrestonPlayz he is a youtuber that plays video games he is really funny and makes my be a better person $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/670-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by jennifer jimenez-galindo My 'one' is my friend Chloe. She has helped me through a lot. She has defended me from people. She is like a sister to me. She was there when a kid kept kicking me. She was there when i was sexually assaulted on the bus. She has helped me get through everything. She was the one that protected me from the person who sexually assaulted me on the bus $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/669-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Justin My mom and dad show kindness everyday $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/658-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Vivian "He" guide me through the winter protecting me from the blizzard  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/657-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by stephen cotton my mom she always brings me up when im down and never gives up on me $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/656-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Lorrie Kantor My Grandson Malik Miller he is 15 years old and he has such respect for other mostly will help and makes sure his grandfather gets up stairs ok will always hold door for everyone . He shakes hands with anyone he meets I can tell you how much I love his old soul he doesn't look at color, age religion he just so respect and kindness to everyone. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/654-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Gayle Durden My husband Tim is definitely the "one" who has helped me through my most difficult moments.  I have celiac disease and he always prepares gluten free meals for me.  In fact, he has my dinner ready every day when I come home from work. Even when I am feeling at my worst, I take one look at his smiling face, and all the trials of the day just disappear.  He inspires me to do my best, even on the darkest day.  Thanks Tim for loving me and showing me that there are still good people left in this world. I am blessed to have you in my life. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/653-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Rebecca Flynn  Jennifer is my “one.” We have been friends for over 25 years and she inspires me to be better. She loves my children like her own, brings me dinner, watches my children, when I’m in a bind, and comes to visit when she knows I need a hug. She’d do anything for me. This picture of of mine and Jennifer’s 5 year old daughters #mybestie #herbestie  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/652-whos-your-one
The Giving Challenge$Submitted by Deanna Day Young Stephanie Stenger Jones has encouraged me to be a better person by taking my giving to another level. I have always loved to give and do kindness acts, but Stephanie told me about a 365-day challenge that she took years ago of completing an intentional act of kindness every day. Her journey lasted over 500 consecutive days. I took the challenge and it changed my life. Now my mission statement for my life is, "To Make A Difference To Someone Every Day," and I try my best to live it! Stephanie encouraged me with some tough love to finish my goal of writing a book and getting it published. My book, Extra Hot Fudge, Please, is the result of Stephanie encouraging me to keep writing to reach my goal of becoming a published author. Her encouragement and example of living life by giving inspires me every day. Thank you to Stephanie, author of The Giving Challenge, who has inspired me to keep going on my journey to make a difference for someone every day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/651-the-giving-challenge
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jenny Nanson Our neighbor mowed the lawn after my husband had back surgery, I couldn't even push the mower. The special thing about this was, we didn't ask him to, he just did! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/650-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Sandy Thank you for being there for me through the good times and the bad times, thank you for staying true to me no matter what the situation is. Thank you for going out of your way for me, especially when it’s inconvenient. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/649-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jessica Noriega My “one” is my friends mother Karen. She always would do things for others to inspire or help. She once told me in a situation that was out of my control that complaining would do nothing to help the situation except bring negativity. Ever since then (15 years ago) I have looked at every situation differently. I have more of an optimistic outlook on life because of my “one”. She helped mold me into who I am today. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/648-whos-your-one
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Julie Marstall Carol Ransom... always encouraged me to strive to achieve my best work with students and our staff.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/647-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Melanie Shanks  Vicky Conner, my mom♡ She's helped not just her family but so so many other families that don't have foid,clothes,or money. She will buy what anyone needs so they won't do without. She has always had a big heart and has helped so many people. Shes on a fixed budget and she still provifes fir people. Very selfless and caring person. Don't know what is do with out her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/646-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Paula Clay My mom- she has given so much of herself to others whether being a teacher, coworker, counselor or parent. She is 82 and is still at it!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/645-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Barbara Marks My youngest son, Michael, was taken too soon almost 5 years ago now.  He was pursuing an advanced degree in International Studies and Conflict Resolution, searching for ways to help people understand each other,  because he said, “If we understand each other,  we won’t destroy each other.”  Everyone he met became a friend and every day he made someone’s day easier or more pleasant, with a helping hand, a joke, or a smile.  He continues to inspire his friends and family to be better people: to love always, and to be happy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/644-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Anjumanara Hussain My cousin, Shepali, is a genuinely decent, loving, generous, patient and kind soul. She actually gave me my RAK  tasks for this week, making them fairly easy as she took into consideration that I'm not too well. She ALWAYS pays attention to those around her. She's been through a lot in life, but inspite of all of that (or maybe because of it), she is always there to hold out a hand, to family, friends, colleagues...anyone and everyone. Through example, she pushes me to do more & brightens up even my gloomiest of days, even when I'm an absolute pain to be around. She really is a beautiful person, inside and out. I'm a better, stronger person for having her in my life $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/643-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Cyndy Keller My ‘one’ my great friend Chris Borja. Chris started a local Networking group that today has over 2,000 active members. He is an author, public speaker, instructor, husband, father, and my friend. Chris donates many hours a month helping others learn a better way to connect with people. He advocates listening before speaking, fulfilling the needs of others before self, and above all treating everyone we come into contact with, with kindness and respect. Chris never thinks or asks, “What’s in it for me.” His mindset is, “What do you need that I can provide?” He has inspired me to be the best person I can be. He has taught me that kindness is it’s own reward. He loves connecting people; no matter what you are looking for, Chris knows someone who does/has/teaches it. Chris is a sweet, soft-spoken man who leaves a very wide wake. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/641-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Katherine Lewis My beautiful mother is my one... she has been my inspiration through every age and stage and is the strongest person I know. Through it all she has remained steadfast in her belief that a warm smile and a kind word can fix most anything, and even through her recent cancer diagnosis, massive surgery, and looming chemo, is as resilient, wise, and unstoppable as always. She is the wind beneath my wings and I am proud to be her daughter! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/640-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by laura Brown  I met a girl 20 years younger than me in community college a few years ago . Her name is Tameka Brown , she's now 21 . She and I became friends and worked often on projects for class together , it wasn't for several months until she made me aware that at 18 she had a heart transplant , she had always told me to not be so afraid , if it's your time to go your going to go , things if that nature . Again this past year her heart failed her , she spent 287 days waiting in UVA for a heart , I was the one who became discouraged , angry , afraid all sorts of emotions for her .. she told me often , you can't cry , she said I don't cry and your not going to either , she said when it's my time i will get it , I have no doubt that I will get my heart , she did and few days before Christmas and actually came home New Year's Day .she is doing great , she's my hero by the way she lives and appreciates life  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/639-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Kya My one is my Granda Tommy he is the best man I’ll ever know he was the kindest most generous and loving man I’ll ever know he brought up five kids in with barely two coins to rub together but always put them first.  If it wasn’t for him I wouldn’t be here  my first word was actually Granda all my life my dad was never there and i was always at my Grandas  so he just filled the role as a dad for me and my older brother. Even if it was just for a couple of hours after school or for my dinner I was always at my grandas I stayed with him nearly weekend of my life without fail he used to make the best food even if it was just a simple roast dinner or loafs of bread his always tasted the best. Every time someone needed money or anything no matter how much my granda would try and give them every penny or someone needed somewhere to stay my granda would always help them out. If it wasn’t for my Granda I wouldn’t have had a home for year if it wasn’t for my Granda I wouldn’t have had a dad if it wasn’t for my Granda I wouldn’t have had a best friend. He would have done anything for anybody no matter how hard he would have tried his best and I can’t thank him enough for how much he done for me. 2 years and 74 days ago my Granda was taking from this world which he made better and I just hope he knew how much He was appreciated by me and my siblings and everyone else I also hope he knows how much everyone loves him . This is why my Granda is my one. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/638-whos-your-one
Friendship Everlasting$Submitted by Lauren Alfaro My ONE is the one and only, Lisa Cassilli. I met Lisa when I was in high school. She was my student assistance counselor and from early on we formed a bond unlike anything I have ever really experienced. From that point on she has shown up in my life in countless ways over countless times, helping me find strength I didn't know that I had and the courage to go on when I didn't think I could. She has loved me unconditionally during times when I didn't feel like I was worthy of love. She forgave me for mistakes and always was there to point out the best in me. She looks beyond my flaws and her belief in me makes me feel like I can do anything. There aren't enough words or enough time for me to truly help her understand just how much she means to me. I would like to think that I'm special, but the truth of the matter is she makes so many others feel the same way. As a full-time SAC counselor, she gives light to kids in their darkest moments. She fights everyday to help young people find hope. She does all this and is a mother of three, a wonderful wife, and a caring daughter. Twenty years of friendship later, I am still in awe of her everyday. Thank you for all that you are to me and so many. I love you so much! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/635-friendship-everlasting
Encouraging Musician$Submitted by Tina Giannopoulos My high school music teacher, Doug Shippey, recognized a talent in me that has changed my life. I was a very shy, quiet student who had returned to Canada as a refugee from Cyprus in 1974. I began taking strings as a music option in grade 7 and immediately fell in love with the violin. From the very beginning, I would spend as much time as I could practicing. Within a year, I was good enough to join the highschool orchestra, despite being only in grade 8 at the time. By the time I entered grade 9, my music teacher knew that I needed to take private lessons. However, my parents couldn't afford it. So, rather than just let it go, he approached various organizations like the Lions Club and the Rotary Club for scholarships that would enable me to take lessons. I began in grade 10 and continued until the end of grade 13 at which time I auditioned and was accepted to three universities, despite only having started in to play in grade 7. Throughout highschool, Doug Shippey gave me opportunities to play not only in our highschool orchestra, but with my city's community orchestra, in musicals, and in festivals. I credit my love of music to him! And, the best part was a couple of years ago when he conducted a concert with the Stratford Symphony, an orchestra I currently play with, and we were able to reconnect! We hugged, we cried, and I was able to thank him once again for everything he had done for me. I wouldn't be where I am today and enjoy the happiness that my music brings me without his kindness at a critical time in my life. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/634-encouraging-musician
Always Loving, Grammie$Submitted by Heather Campbell My grammie was the "one" who showed me the most kindness. She took my sister, my mom, and I in when my parents divorced. I was three-years-old and my entire life was being uprooted. I had no idea what was going on or why. My gram never hesitated. She opened her door, retired from her job, and become the mom I needed. She was always there for me without a second thought. She taught me so much and I am the person I am today because of her. She taught me how to cook, how to sew, how to be a good person, and the most important thing she taught me was how to be a good mom. She showed me so much love that I am able to transfer that love and nurturing to my son. While I watched my gram get older and lose so much of what was important to her my heart broke knowing that I'd soon have to say goodbye. She fought and fought to stay with us and I couldn't figure out why until my husband said to me, "You have to tell her you'll be okay; she's staying for you." I hadn't really thought about it because I kept telling her I couldn't do this without her and I needed her to stay with me. When I really had time to reflect on what my husband had said, I knew he was right. My gram was the most selfless woman I had ever met and right up until the very end, when I told her it was okay to go, she was still taking care of me and giving me her love; she was still showing me how to fight for what you love and show those you love how to love. It has been twelve years since my gram physically left us but she is never far from my heart. I couldn't do what I do everyday had it not been for her strength, guidance, and love. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/633-always-loving-grammie
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Natasha  Merrick My Mom My Mom had a very strong sense of right, wrong and the importance of being the one to step up. Growing up, this was not always appreciated as she would stop the car while driving me to school to break up a fight between students or engaging in conversation with anyone anywhere much to my embarrassment. Later in life I came to realize the importance of kindness and taking action and not waiting for someone else to step. I am thankful for the example my Mom provided.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/632-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Carmen Clay Dr. Haru Inouye, former CEO of the Shinnyo-en Foundation asked me, What do you need and how we can help you?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPQiPIfRtLU.  Then, he put the whole power of his organization to support my small actions through pinwheels for peace to raise awareness of the International Day of Peace.  I was of no significance, but somewhat he focused on my deepest need and provided me with the empowered me not to give up the peaceful advocacy for Peace One Day.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/631-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Susan Hillman  My dad is my ‘one’. He taught me to always stand up and fight for those who are most vunerable or cannot fight for themselves. He taught me to be fair, understanding, and above all else kind. He taught me to delight in differences and embrace equality. He taught me all these things by his living example and the actions he has led his life by.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/630-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Kathleen My children  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/629-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Marcella Montgomery My "One" is my mom, Denise Montgomery. She is 51 years old, but she is the best person in my life. She is a Principal in North Carolina, and that occupies most of her time, but I never feel forgotten. She has been through a lot, especially this past year. One day my mom felt really bad, and we had to call an ambulance. And it got worse as the year went on. She started not being able to eat, losing weight, and losing strength... physically, not mentally.  Through the worst, she made me her number one. This is one of the many reasons she is mine. Before all this happened, she had major surgery. She had to stay home for six weeks. But she still did what her school needed. I wish I could have done more for her. At one point, we are King of the world, we feel things can't be bad as long as we are together, but the next your falling, and you can't stop. This began to happen to me. I was scared. My mom was hurting, and there was nothing I could do. She has been to the hospital three times and had pain more than I could think. The best thing about my mom is that she never forgets me. I am always her number one, even when I am not the best I can be. I know my mom better than anyone, and she has always been my rock. I trust her with all my school secrets, with all my friendship problems, and she listens. Then, I kept falling. My mom is there through all of it. She was the One that pushed me when I was scared to get on the stage and sing for the first time. She was the One to tell me to get back up when I was pushed down by social injustice and help me learn when it seemed no one else could teach me.I know one day things will be better, as long as I have my mom. My "One". The one person I need most and will do anything for. She deserves everything  I can give. I hope that this gives you a slight piece of why my mom is my One. When things change, my mom will stay the same. For me. I will continue to try to be as strong as she is. Thank you.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/628-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Vince V My best friend who shows me kindness in countless ways everyday.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/626-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Linamar Negron  Jenitza Laguna, my sister. Where do I even begin... I am truly blessed to have someone as special as my sister to have walked along the way with me. In good times but also in bad times. Recently my husband lost his job and she was there not only to pray for me but to also help me with the finances. We could not have done it without her and she has been there every step of the way. You still far from being okay financially but I know that without having her by my side things are only going to get better. And I pray God that just said she has blessed us that God would pour His blessings over her and her family as well. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/625-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Karen Unander The person that inspires me is my dad. My dad has gone through so much. In 2005 he was diagnosed with accute  Leukemia. When my dad was going through this different ones stepped up and helped our family out.  After a long fought battle and almost loosing my dad several times we are blessed and he is still alive today.  My dad loves spending time with his family and grandchildren. Because of the help everyone gives us it makes me want to be better and help those in need.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/624-whos-your-one
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Delivering Meals with Love$Submitted by Ann Mahoney My 'one' is my mom, who joined my dad in Heaven in 2015. From the time my sisters and I were young, she instilled in us the value of "doing unto others as you would have them do unto you". She was the neighbor who would make soup or a pie for a neighbor who wasn't well. The Meals on Wheels program was part of our weekly routine, but that service project became much more than simply dropping off a hot meal at someone's door. These people became friends who looked forward to our weekly delivery as much as we looked forward to seeing them. My mom taught us the value of looking for ways to help others every day, even if it was something as insignificant as a smile and a kind word. When I became a mom myself, I tried to give my children this gift of sharing kindness with others. Our family still continues the Meals on Wheels tradition. As is usually the case, we gain so much more than we give when we help others. Seeing my children continue this tradition that my mom instilled in me makes my heart happy! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/623-delivering-meals-with-love
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Ellen My father, Claude Philips, was the inspiration for my lifelong journey to help those that I can whenever possible with a loving heart and no expectation of repayment. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/622-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Elizabeth Doran  My daughter Marlie Ann! She has the most naturally kind spirit about her.  Since she was a baby her smile made people happy.  From the time she could talk, she always complimented people for simple things such as jewelry or their name. She stands up for those who don't know how to or aren't in the room and always sees the goodness in people. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/621-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Elizabeth Doran  My daughter Marlie Ann! She has the most naturally kind spirit about her.  Since she was a baby her smile made people happy.  From the time she could talk, she always complimented people for simple things such as jewelry or their name. She stands up for those who don't know how to or aren't in the room and always sees the goodness in people. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/620-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Fiona My "One" is L M Montgomery. I read it when I was 8 years old and I was inspired to be "good": to stop automatically lying to my mum (that was surprisingly hard to stop as the lies kept popping out my mouth without my even thinking about it!), to try to be kind to others and I was inspired to become a teacher. I still love teaching because I love helping other people. Thank you L M Montgomery! :-) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/619-whos-your-one
Doctors of Kindness$Submitted by Gail Brazeau Both of my children receive regular care from University of Michigan's C.S. Mott Children's Hospital. It is about 7 hours away from us in Ann Arbor, Michigan. They have been patients of Dr. Steve Kasten and the craniofacial team since birth due to cleft lip and palate. This year, my son's fifth grade class read the book Wonder, which is about a child with facial differences. I reached out to Dr. Kasten to see if he would be willing to record a video message or send an email to the class. I was hopeful that he would be willing to talk about the work he does with these children and what he has learned or wishes other children knew. Imagine my surprise when he said, "No. Actually, I would like to come to his class and take a more interactive approach." He and two other members of his team took a day out to come all the way to our little town in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan and talk to fifth graders about their jobs, the kids they work with, and choosing kindness. But wait, I want you to hear about our other hero. Dr. Steve Ouwinga is our orthodontist. He lives in our town but works closely with the team at U of M. When he found out they were making the trip all the way up here, he rescheduled a day of appointments to come and talk with the kids, too. Many times the world feels like people are only thinking of themselves. We hear about doctors being too busy to listen to patients. I wanted to share this story because these two men are examples of people going above and beyond the call of duty and for no other reason but to be kind. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/618-doctors-of-kindness
Accepting Hunter$Submitted by Mistee Hurley Hi! I would like to tell you about my ‘one’, Jaymie Lute. I have known Jaymie for almost 11 years. She is the most thoughtful, kind, and generous person I have ever met, and simply radiates positivity. She is always doing for others, never asking for anything in return. My son, Hunter, is Autistic. There are many times that I feel judged and uncomfortable in a public place due to Hunter's special view of life. People are not always very kind to those with special needs. Jaymie, however, is the one person in all my years of knowing her who has never made me feel like I needed to have my guard up when it comes to Hunter. She is the first to offer to go to the zoo or pumpkin patch with us. She understands that Hunter may only be able to tolerate the outing for a short time. She is always supportive when surroundings become overwhelming for him and is never judgmental nor speaks an unkind word about it. I am so truly thankful to have her in my life. She encourages me daily and makes me want to be a better mom and friend. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/617-accepting-hunter
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Julie Daniels Here is the link to an article that I wrote about 'the ones ':  https://m.facebook.com/CambodiansNOW/photos/a.177039816016149.1073741827.124025737984224/487526774967450/?type=3&source=54&ref=page_internal $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/616-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Jeff Raposa My ONE is such an amazing man!  He is kind and patient.  He is loyal and compassionate.  It's hard to express how wonderful Steve is and how grateful I am to have met him.  He's supported me in so many ways for over 15 years and he encourages me to follow my dreams.  I am a better teacher and human being because this wonderful man helps me believe in myself.  His love and devotion give me the opportunity to plan my lessons and take care of myself, so that I have the time and energy to support my students.  I am so grateful that in 2014 I was able to finally say this incredible individual is my husband.  He is my rock, my anchor, and the light that guides me to be the best I can be.  Love you Steve! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/614-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Gloria  My dad $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/613-whos-your-one
Climbing with Kindness$Submitted by Juli Dosad  Fran did something for both Jess and me that I will never forget. In 2008, we climbed Kilimanjaro as part of a charity challenge. Jess and I had low spirits on summit night as we hadn't spoken to our families for almost 10 days. The night was a big one on our journey; it's not a walk in the park and brings with it real challenges. Just before we were to leave to start the long, cold climb, Fran offered Jess and I her phone. She had very little battery life left, but gave no thought to contacting her own loved ones. We were able to call our families to lift our spirits, giving us the strength and self-belief for the challenge ahead. That moment changed the way that I think about things and now I do my very best to make sure that I live in kindness with others. Although it is a small thing, every time I go into London I make or buy a sandwich before I go and give it to someone living on the streets. It's not much to some, but to some it is indeed much. It takes very little to show kindness, as Fran taught me.   Pictured: Jess and Fran $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/612-climbing-with-kindness
Changing for Marcus$Submitted by Susan Burt When I first met Marcus, a street man I saw everyday going to work, I did not make eye contact nor give him money. Slowly, I felt a change in my heart and started talking to him, learning about why he was there. The story was not what I expected. Because of Marcus, I started looking up instead of down when I saw others on the street. I started having those conversations with others and giving as I could. I can't submit a photo of him as he is very sensitive about his situation and not trusting of many people. Through chance and circumstance, he lives in cold and uncertainty, while I live in comfort and security. Since knowing Marcus, I have made RAK part of my everyday life, as well as a birthday gift to myself in the 55 days leading up to my 55th birthday. I am a proud RAKtivist because of Marcus. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/611-changing-for-marcus
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Patrick B I was at the gym on a treadmill that looks out onto the street and there was a woman's  car on the side of the road with a flat. After running 1 mile nobody bothered to check on her (Monica) so I got off my treadmill and asked if I could help. She told me she had a tow truck coming but thank you. I told her I just wanted to give her a hug,  she said she could use one.  We had a great hug and I told Monica her day will get better. The tow truck came shortly after.  Talk about Karma - I was on the treadmill a week later and my phone fell to the ground and a guy behind me got of his bike to give it back to me.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/609-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Suzan Chiang Karen Lewis was my son's first grade teacher. She always put her students first and challenged them each day to be better. She gave her heart and shared her experiences with her students. I was proud to have been her room parent and saw how much she cared for her students. Although she was tough at times, it was because she encouraged her students to be more, to reach more, and to never give up. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/608-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Natalie Hoskins My mom is my ONE!  My mom is the kindest person I know!  She is truly an angel here on Earth.  Kindness and Diane are one in the same.  Mom always taught us to think of others and to be kind to everyone.  She showed us the importance of treating others the way we want to be treated by being a role model who always did this!  She never gossiped or said anything bad about anyone.  She was encouraging and would do whatever she could to help others in need. My mom is a special person because it is rare to find people who are truly kind in every way all the time.  She didn't have to think about it or be reminded to do things for others.  That was just what she always did.  I learned about kindness by watching my mom and through the life lessons she taught me and continues to teach me.  My mom is definitely the ONE who inspires me to be kind.  I only hope I have become as kind as she is and that I inspire others to be kind as well! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/607-whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Merle Welch My husband  is The ONE! He always encourages & inspires me to be better every day by just being himself. Together we have  faced a magnitude of challenges and conquered each one by supporting and encouraging each other. Love brought us together, but our search for the common good, and the appreciation & gratitude we have for each other keep us going strong! We’ve created a loving atmosphere and an amazing support system where each of us can grow and inspire. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/606-whos-your-one
Sprinkling Kindness Everywhere$Submitted by Linda Bryant The person I am proud to nominate is my friend and assistant teacher, Lynne Rentschler. Lynne is the epitome of kindness. She sees the good in everyone and is always putting others ahead of herself. She is well known in her neighborhood as the “go to” person whenever somebody needs help. Although she is a senior herself, she is out there mowing the grass of her elderly neighbors in the summer and shoveling their snow in the winter. She has taken it upon herself to care for one of her neighbors who is a World War 2 veteran living alone. She takes meals over to him and always takes him to his favorite restaurant whenever he asks. She is also a huge advocate for animals and often rescues neighborhood strays. She donates her time and money to many different causes, but Lynne’s kindness extends far beyond her neighborhood. As an assistant teacher, Lynne has helped many children. She has helped less-fortunate families with donations of food, clothing, listening, and counseling them. She also teaches the kids important lessons on showing respect and kindness towards others. She has made a big difference in our classroom. Lynne is so full of life and wisdom and is proof that age is just a number. Sincerely, Linda Bryant Teacher/Director BCIU Hamburg School Age Learning Center $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/604-sprinkling-kindness-everywhere
Scottie's Legacy$Submitted by I want to remain anonymous Harold Scott, or Scottie as many of us know him, is a one-of-a-kind person. He often thinks of how he can help others. He is always upbeat, has a sunny disposition with a killer smile, and a caring kind nature. Scottie lives in Lebanon, Tennessee, just east of Nashville, but grew up in a tiny, rural county about 65 miles further to the East, in Jackson County, Tennessee. He currently serves as a volunteer two days a week at the local hospital stationed in the Outpatient Center, but can be found throughout the hospital, always willing to help out in other areas, doing clerical duties, assisting patients, their families, and escorting visitors. He is often found conversing with many, showing kindness and compassion, and offering an ear to those who may be a bit anxious about their pending test or procedure. Scottie also finds the time to serve the volunteer auxiliary as their secretary. Beyond his role as a hospital volunteer, he is a community volunteer, educator, activist, advocate, and humanitarian. Something Scottie is not shy about is his passion for HIV/AIDS awareness and education in rural Tennessee. That is due, in part, to the fact that he is a nearly 30-year survivor of the AIDS epidemic. In 1991, he was diagnosed as being HIV+, having been infected some two years prior in 1989. While living in his very rural hometown area, he kept his diagnosis a secret for 3 years before he decided, that on World AIDS Day, December 1, 1994, he would announce publicly that he was living with HIV. He decided to use his personal story to spotlight an issue that much larger cities across the country and around the world had already been experiencing. In 1995, the Harold Scott Humanitarian Award was established in Scottie's honor for his bravery and willingness to be the rural face of AIDS. The award would be presented each World AIDS Day to a person or persons/group who were going above the norm in regards to caring for persons living with HIV/AIDS. Scottie continues, all these years later, volunteering his time and experiences by going out into his community to share his personal story and serve as a resource for newly-diagnosed persons struggling to come to terms with a new HIV/AIDS diagnosis. But, his random acts of kindness do not stop here. Yes, he truly is a kind, caring, and compassionate person. Scottie grew up in a family with six siblings. His only sister, his eldest sibling, was diagnosed with cerebral palsy as an infant which lead to a lifetime of dependence on others for assistance to be mobile and an active part of life. A few years ago, for his sister's birthday, after noting that his sister was always sending out greeting/birthday cards to family, friends, and neighbors, Scottie decided he would start an online birthday card campaign. He took to Facebook, to launch The Teresa Project, asking individuals to randomly send birthday cards to his sister. The project went somewhat viral and cards and gifts began arriving from not just all across the United States, but from other parts of the world. Within a few days, the card count was in the hundreds, so much so that the tiny post office in Gainesboro, Tennessee, began to wonder what the deal was with so many pieces of mail going to the same local "celebrity". This is just a few of the random acts of kindness that Scottie has done. I must include the fact that he solely organized a family reunion some years ago, which brought his Scott family together from across areas of the U.S., many of whom had not even met one another, after he had started a Facebook genealogy page. From that, the idea of a reunion grew into being. Another act, and one of the most touching, was the effort he started in 2016. In 2013, Scottie's Dad passed away after some years of battling Alzheimer's Disease. His Father was a true farmer, who lived his entire life within a few miles of where he was born and grew up, purchasing a farm in the early 1960s with Harold's mother.  They began their married life together and raised their 6 children there. Upon the death of his father, Scottie, being the thoughtful man he is, began working on an idea he had to have a portion of the highway on which the family farm sat renamed in memory of his late Daddy. He contacted local and state officials with his idea, not expecting any results. However, in early 2017, news came that, due to his efforts, the Tennessee State legislature, with the sponsorship of the representative for the county Harold grew up in, passed a bill which would designate the renaming as The Hamp Scott Memorial Highway. On September 12, 2017, a sign unveiling ceremony marking the event took place. Once again, Harold stepped in to assure that his elderly Mother, and disabled sister, both of whom had entered a long-term care facility after the passing of his Father, would be able to attend the memorial ceremony, surprising them both. It probably seems unreal, that one person can be so giving, caring and thoughtful. But, Scottie just naturally steps up and does these random acts of kindness, not asking for anything in return. It has been said by others that we should all strive to be more like Scottie, showing love, compassion, and kindness. He has certainly made a difference in the lives of many. (You can reach him at hrayscott62@outlook.com.) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/603-scotties-legacy
Giving Selflessly$Submitted by Henry Sines The person that has inspired me the most would be my cousin, Stephen Sines, and his wife, Tammy. This couple consistently tries to find ways to show their kindness and lightens up every life they come across. One day, out of the blue, they sent my wife and I a hand-made blanket and a hand-written letter. The letter said simply, "Pay it forward." It explained that they were not looking for anything in return, but to just consider doing a random act of kindness for someone else. We did, indeed, pay it forward. Thank you, Steve and Tammy Sines, for being the most loving and kindhearted people I know. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/602-giving-selflessly
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Cyndy Cone The one person in my entire life who has always had my back, my son! He's grown now with his own son and I couldn't be happier with the man he's become. As a kid, he was my buddy - we played games, went to movies, vacations, watched tv, all together, the best of times. As a teen, I got to see him maturing into the great guy he is today - and he always encouraged me to be the "better" person in times of trouble and there were many during those years. As a young single man, he left me alone so he could begin his own life as an adult, and he did so admirably - bought his own home, excelled at his job, and still managed to surprise his mom with many special "treats" - like a surprise 50th birthday party. Several years later he got married and made me a grandmother (MeMe) for the first time, oh the joy there!! He shows me almost daily that I raised a prince and he thinks I'm the best Mom/friend ever. He's proud of me for raising him well and  I'm still his rock while he's been mine. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/601-whos-your-one
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Dianne The person who inspired me to look for the good in everyone was Ivan Duran. He was my principal. I already had a tendency to see the good, but Ivan really cemented the idea. We worked in a high needs school and he encouraged the teachers to find at least one positive about every student every day.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/600-whos-your-one
Welcoming Kindness$Submitted by Jennifer Cashin Only two years after building our first house together, my husband and I embarked on our first major relocation of our lives that would take us further away from friends and family that we loved and the house we had just built. Moving to the Midwest was a big change for these New Yorkers, and while I was excited to be getting a career opportunity of a lifetime, it meant unemploying my husband and buying a house in an area of Ohio we barely knew anything about. I tried to let the excitement overpower the nervousness that filled my core, but it was hard to resist all of the "what if" scenarios running through my head: What if he doesn't find a job? What if we don't like where we live? While his job opportunity would follow a few months after our move, it was the first thirty seconds when we arrived at our new house that I knew we were going to be okay. The previous owners had moved out a few weeks before we actually closed on the house, leaving the yard in total disarray during our walk-through the day before closing. When we arrived at the house after closing 24 hours after our walk-through, we quickly noticed the lawn had been beautifully mowed and edged. We found out that our neighbor had wanted us to move into the house with the yard already taken care of, so he had taken the time to do the yard work himself. I felt like this simple act of kindness was like a big hug from the Midwest saying, "Welcome home. You'll find friends who will turn into family here." When I stopped to appreciate the well cut grass that day, it was one of those moments where I really just stopped and thought about the beauty of little things that often fall into the background of a busy life. While I didn't want to share a picture of our neighbor without permission, I felt like a picture of my mug of coffee was a perfect fit. I try to take the time while drinking my coffee every day to really think about things that often get taken for granted, like a great neighbor who is kind and welcoming before they've even had a chance to meet you. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/599-welcoming-kindness
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Annalisa Polizzi My "one" is my best friend, she's always been there for me and i always see her going around and spreading joy. Before a show she goes up to people holds their hands and says how amazing they will be and how beautiful/handsome they are.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/598-whos-your-one
Smiling Contagiously$Submitted by Lane Davis Bobby was the neighborhood welcome wagon. She was never without a smile, spending her time volunteering at Crisis Control and my school. She took meals she prepared to families in need. At the age of three, I went with her to a fallout shelter to give food to a man who had become a recluse. She stood up for those at a time when women in the south were meant to conform. She did so, not by yelling with a raised fist, but by simply folding her napkin neatly, placing it back on the table of the diner, standing and walking out with me hand in hand when they refused to serve another because of her skin color. She raised me to never let a moment pass where you can put a smile in someone’s life. It’s contagious. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/597-smiling-contagiously
Rallying Against Cancer$Submitted by Cyndy Grunning My "One" is Christine, a former student of mine. When I had breast cancer she was my cheerleader, my rally flag, and my heart. To show her support and to remind me of my own courage, she asked her mom if she could get her head shaved. Not caring what others thought, she had her beautiful locks cut off and proudly wore the breast cancer sign shaved on one side of her head. On the other side, the word HOPE was shaved. Her beauty, inside and out, made her act of kindness that more beautiful. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/596-rallying-against-cancer
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Shai My ‘one’ is none other than my significant other my husband. Moving from South Africa to New Zealand without family is a task itself, Kes my husband always reminded me that being positive and having faith even on our darkest days will pull us through anything. There were times and days when I thought twice about being away from family but Kes who always remains a constant never fails to up my spirit re focuses my frame of mind and reminds me of how grateful we are for the life and people we meet everyday. I on a daily basis aspire to be more caring kind and genuine as he is. He is my I sooation and reminder that there are good people in this world and it starts with a little bit of positivity and faith. Thank you Kes for being YOU! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/595-whos-your-one
Remembering Grannie Annie$Submitted by Clare Mayo Grannie Annie was one of the most interesting people I know. When I was little, she carried out the biggest random act of kindness by looking after me and my sister when my parents were at work. The memories of painted pictures, made-up games with household ornaments, and walks in the park fill my mind, wrapped in a blanket of love. As we got older, her kindness was always there, in the form of small gifts, offers of support, and warm smiles. It was as she became older that she shared her biggest kindnesses: friendship, stories and laughter, and turning from a caregiver into a true friend. We’d sit watching the sun turn light into rainbows along the wall, making shapes from the shadows cast and talking about anything and everything. Her last kindness was to wait until we all left her bedside before passing away from Lymphoma. One of us had been there 24/7 up until that point and she was determined to spare us that heartache in person. All of my activities for RAK week are dedicated to her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/594-remembering-grannie-annie
Who's Your One?$Submitted by Laura Stadtfeld Meet my daughter, Kyrie, She has always been the one who supported and encouraged me, always.  Regardless of where she was (Marines), she has always been my inspiration for doing my best.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/593-whos-your-one
Pushing Me to My Best$Submitted by Hannah Franco  Coach Benhalim is my ‘one’, because she sees something in me that no other person has before. I’ve been through some rough times with sports and other people putting me down, but Coach B. was able to bring me back up. I truly feel that she cares for my well being. This is evident because she shows it by pushing me to be not only a better athlete, but a better person. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/555-pushing-me-to-my-best
Empowering Africa$Submitted by Dalton Wilson Nia Z. Sherar is the most inspirational and hardworking human on this planet. Nia had the dream of planting corn in Africa to help feed the impoverished people. She made the dream of assisting those in need in Africa a reality. She traveled to Kenya with her own money and began giving out microcredit loans to women. She then started the Opportunity Fund for Developing Countries. From 1999-2017, Nia voluntarily fulfilled the position of Executive Director and impacted the lives of thousands of women and children living in Bolivia, Guatemala, Malawi, Nepal, and Kenya. She continues to volunteer in areas where she is passionate and will never stop having an impact on the lives of those around her. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/554-empowering-africa
RAKtivist: Rishika$My name is Rishika Jeyaprakash. I am a kind fifth grader at Mason Intermediate. Kindness is important to me because it always puts a grin on someone’s face. At school if someone is sad, I try to put a smile on their face whether it means to get goofy or to get messy. Whenever I come across people who need help, especially children, it makes me want to give. Since a lot of my friends are like me, I thought I would start a group so that we could all spread kindness together. Thus “Little Helpers” was born on July 23rd, 2015. Little Helpers is a volunteer team that inspires kids around us to help others too. We are a group of more than 30 kids who do volunteer activities every month. The inspiration starts right at home. My four-year-old sister and her friends get inspired by all our work so much that they start jumping up and down when we mention the name Little Helpers. We have donated $2,100 so far for the needy people around the world. My teammates always support me in any way they can. A couple of my friends and I have also donated our hair to kids who lost it during their medical treatments.  Last month, on my 11th birthday, I launched “Say Cheese,” a program where we could donate toys year-round to the Cincinnati Children’s hospital. We started this off by donating 44 toys and we are working towards our goal of 1000 toys. To know more about us please visit https://www.facebook.com/littlehelpers2015/ I am also serving as the President of Mason Intermediate’s Kiwanis K-Kids Club, an international service organization which gives me more opportunities to spread the powerful magic of kindness. For me, kindness starts with one contagious smile. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/31-raktivist-rishika
RAKtivist: Erica$Over the past few years, my eyes have been a bit more open to opportunities to show a little more kindness to others. An easy way to do that for me has been to compliment someone! You never know what people are going through these days, and something like that can really brighten someone's day! There was one particular time though where I was lead to do something I'd never done before. I was picking something up at my local CVS. There was a young man in front of me who was buying some items and his credit card was declined several times. He was just about to walk out of the store, when I said, "Hey! Wait! Let me get that for you!" He was shocked, and so was the cashier! He thanked me, left the store, and the cashier said, "Wow, I've been at this store for 6 years, and I've never seen anyone do that before!" Every one of us can make a difference in this world. Change starts with us as individuals reaching out into our own communities and showing a little bit of kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/30-raktivist-erica
RAKtivist: Pauly$My blind and autistic son Pauly is my motivation and "Hero". Since Pauly cannot see and talk we have relied on music to sooth and call him. I know firsthand the power and happiness that music gives with Pauly and we want to bring that same joy to others. My son has inspired me to start "Paulys Project" in his honor which distributes 1000's of radios to LA's homeless community of Skid Row. Pauly and I collect donations from family and friends to purchase radios and we hit the streets to hand them out. A simple radio can bring the homeless the empowerment of music, news and sports and connect them back to society. Pauly is loved by so many in the streets and despite his disabilities is showing a true act of kindness. I was blessed with a true angel "Pauly" that may not realize it but he is touching so many lives on a daily basis. I will keep "Paulys Project" going on my sons behalf and though we have our life challenges he shows me the true meaning of COURAGE...I LOVE YOU SON!!!". To see Pauly’s kindness in action, watch https://youtu.be/EGktzyAKHho  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/29-raktivist-pauly
RAKtivist: Claire$I have just finished my first term as the new Head Teacher of the Dharma Primary School. Dharma is the first primary school in the United Kingdom to be based on Buddhist values, with mindfulness at its heart. As a practising Buddhist, loving kindness is central to both my personal practice and the school’s ethos. Forgiveness is a companion to loving kindness. I believe the world needs more forgiveness because everyone makes mistakes; it is part of the human condition, but many people have a tricky relationship to their own and other's mistakes. It is so important to teach children how to forgive; to forgive others and themselves. Making mistakes is part of life’s learning process and forgiveness helps us develop compassion for all living beings including ourselves.  As a Buddhist meditation practice, forgiveness has three aspects: the first is extending forgiveness to others that you feel hurt or harmed by, the second is to ask for forgiveness from others for your own behaviour, and the third is to offer forgiveness to yourself. Forgiveness demands courage and is about moving forward with an open heart, free of the weight of hurt, guilt, and negativity, so we can be fully present to life again. When I do this practice regularly, I feel lighter, as if my muddy thoughts have sifted and settled and things feel clear again. Forgiveness is not weak and does not mean we condone the misdeeds that have been done, or that we are in some way letting people walk over us if we forgive them. Forgiving is not forgetting; it is not ignoring the consequences of our actions or that of others. We can make a commitment to ensure that those things do not happen again as it is important we learn from mistakes and that we are responsible for our actions and in how we address the behaviour of others. Forgiveness is about applying insight and compassion to oneself and other people in order to better understand ourselves and the wider human condition - and to come to the peace we long for. It is a crucial aspect of well-being, both in a personal sense and for the world at large. For more information visit www.dharmaschool.co.uk $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/28-raktivist-claire
RAKtivist: Marie$I’m Marie. I’m a wife, mother, visual artist, and cancer survivor. I grew up in Appalachia with very humble roots. My parents used to have my older sister pay for my school lunch because I gave my money away every day to others and came home hungry if left to my own devices. Even at an early age, I loved the feeling of giving. Three years ago, I was standing in my elementary art classroom when my doctor called to confirm my worst fear. He told me I had cancer. From that moment on, my life was sucked into what I call the “Cancer Planet”. Everything in my life stopped so I could travel to The Cleveland Clinic and complete treatment for an advanced stage of cervical cancer. It was a difficult time in my life. I felt like my identity was lost and replaced with a patient number. One day, I was feeling particularly sorry for myself when the doorbell rang and I was given a box containing hundreds of handmade cards from my art students and fellow teachers. The outpouring of love from these people took my breath away and gave me the strength to face countless days of radiation, chemotherapy, and surgery. It inspired me to give back as a cancer advocate and volunteer. That simple act of love was enough to put wind back in my sails. I carry that memory close to my heart and am committed to fighting back against the negative in our world with positive energy and love. I do this in my daily interactions and take my responsibility to teach kindness to my children very seriously. Those little minds are the future and I want it to be beautiful for them. When we have a bad day, the first thing we do is figure out how we could go out and spread a little joy. It’s amazing how that ends up turning our own day around! This was also a centerpiece in my training for school counseling. Teaching students to combat negativity with acts of kindness gives them a sense of control. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/27-raktivist-marie
RAKtivist: Zoe$My name is Zoe, and I'm a student. Inside the high school, everyone is trying to prepare us for adulthood. I constantly feel the stress to quit being a child and grow up, yet when I look around, I see childhood nastiness all around. People swear and insult others to try to act cool, while others are bullied because of someone else's insecurities. Meanwhile, everyone is ignoring each other simply trying to stay afloat in the difficult learning setting. I didn't want my life or anyone else's to look like this, which is why I love RAKs. The pleasant feeling I get when I make someone smile, the sheer knowledge that I have made someone's life a little bit happier, and the kindling hope that this stranger or friend will pass on my kindness makes all the effort I put into thinking up and gathering the courage to execute my RAKs more than worth it. I only hope that rest of the world grows to care about and cherish these feelings. After all, if the opposite of love is indifference, then I refuse to ignore the work around me. Instead, I will do my best to make the world a better place. I am extremely glad that there are people in this group with the same goal! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/26-raktivist-zoe
RAKtivist: Ty$My father had a very Catholic sense of kindness towards other people that he learned growing up and then modeled for us as children. I recall, as a young boy, riding in our family station wagon after church on Sunday, slowing down as a man stepped out of the woods. He’d climb in the backseat with my brothers and me, fingernails packed with dirt and the stale smell of cigarettes wafting from him. We’d then take him to my father’s grocery store to ensure that he would have enough to make it through the week.  I, on the other hand, had a very innate sense of kindness, particularly toward animals. As a young child I’d cry when the Thanksgiving turkey was brought to the table. I have always been quite sensitive to suffering and saw the link very early between what we eat and being kind. I knew animals would fight to their last breath not to be on my plate and I’ve not eaten any in over 40 years.   Although my personal life is filled with small acts of kindness that stem from both my innate sense and my learned behavior, I’m fortunate to be able to be “professionally kind”. Not only do I conduct research into kindness at the University of British Columbia, Okanagan, but I’m in charge of a small army of folks who help promote kindness on campus. Upon arriving at UBC with my rescue dog, Frances, I saw the struggling many students had being away from home, and especially their pets, for the first time. In response, I established a program called “B.A.R.K.” (Building Academic Retention through K9s; http://bark.sites.olt.ubc.ca/) that brings trained therapy dogs to campus to help students grappling with stress and homesickness. Over 25% of the student population makes use of B.A.R.K. programs and, now in its fourth year, we’re one of the most popular programs on campus!   From the backseat of the family station wagon, to the kind choices I make in what I eat, and to the work I promote in B.A.R.K., being kind is always at the forefront of my thinking. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/25-raktivist-ty
RAKtivist: Cara$When I graduated from college I dreamed of being a television news reporter. Having no experience I had to start small: at a dinky little cable station in Naples, Florida, a town I had never heard of before. I put my time in covering sea turtle rescues and unknown celebrities until I finally got my big break in the form of a job in Boston. There, I got to work in a fancy new station, sign autographs for school kids and have access to a helicopter and a fleet of live trucks. I had made it.   Soon, reality set in. In a big city market there was always some bad news happening somewhere and I was too often sent chasing accused criminals out of courtrooms, waiting outside of crime scene tape or at the doorstep of a family still reeling from tragedy. My breaking point came the day I accidentally informed a young woman her mother died. It was the worst day of my professional life and the day I decided I no longer wanted to shine a light on these stories.   At the same time my career was unraveling, my personal life was too. My mom had always told me “when you’re hurting, go help someone else.”   To get through the last months of my contract, I started seeking out stories of people who had been in the news under tragic circumstances but were doing something inspiring with their lives: a young girl who was paralyzed by a stray bullet but was uplifting her classmates with her positive spirit, a blind and autistic musician who learned to play 27 instruments, a disabled war vet who opened his own art studio. These stories and were the inspiration behind Storytellers for Good, an organization I started to tell and promote stories like them. Over the last 10 years I have discovered my kindness gift: my ability to see the beautiful essence of a person and reflect it back to them and the world. But the gift has been all mine. In telling stories of people turning their own hurt into acts of helping others I have become more compassionate, more grateful, more kind. I have learned kindness is who we are, that our capacity for it is limitless and that, as we shine a light on it, it grows. To read more about Cara’s organization, visit: http://storytellersforgood.com/  Cara is also the person who has created all of RAK’s videos seen on our YouTube channel.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/24-raktivist-cara
RAKtivist: Madison$My name is Madison Peach Steiner, I am the founder of Peach's Neet Feet, and after almost five years of running a non-profit based on the platform of kindness and the science of caring, I see the world through a lens of compassion. I believe one act of kindness can be the foundation for great change in the world.    I grew up in a family where kindness and compassion towards others was put before anything else. Because of that, I have an expanding vision for a kinder world and will continue to use Peach’s Neet Feet as a way to create a platform for synergy, conversations, and long-lasting actions that will help create a kinder world. A world where people would come together to find comfort through connection and to share in moments, not material things. Instead of people creating labels for others based on judgment, they will celebrate each other, even in their differences.    A kinder world would require a massive shift in perspective and in how people connect with one another, but I believe we all have that ability inside us. Connecting with others allows for positive and impactful interactions that result in opportunities to help others through kindness and sharing resources. Together we can begin to shift from the “me” mentality this world is stuck in, and move towards a world of respect and kindness for others.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/23-raktivist-madison
RAKtivist: James$My name is James, I’m 27 years old and I’m a Development Practitioner living in Mzuzu in Malawi. My work involves working with people in rural communities. Most of the people I work with are poor and live on less than a dollar. All my childhood life I wished to work as a Banker, however all this changed when I volunteered to help with children and young people with mental problems just to pass time. I loved working with children and young people. That work that summer changed my life’s perceptions, i felt fulfilled with the change that my work brought in the lives of children and young people I worked with. Thus I changed my career direction, towards development so I can work with people in need. I am a different person and I like what I have become. My success is defined by the acts of kindness, the changes and the lives I impact in my day to day work. I founded and am running Centre for Youth and Development, a nonprofit with a focus on children and young people through which I am sowing seeds of kindness.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/22-raktivist-james
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
RAKtivist: Surina$On a typical Saturday night, similar to most adolescents, I was browsing through the apps on my phone. Feeling cozy, I nestled myself under the covers of my bed in polka dot fuzzy socks, an over-sized Avengers t-shirt, and pajama pants that were adorned with green and blue stars. Needless to say, I would never face the humiliation of the public in such attire. I began my usual routine of liking all my friend’s photos on Instagram and replaying their Snapchat stories, but that night, while scrolling through Facebook, I encountered something unusual. My favorite keynote speaker, Houston Kraft, had shared a video regarding Mister Rogers. He encouraged his family and friends to watch it because it was worth shedding tears for. Without hesitation, I tapped the screen of my phone, because what can I say, I’m a sucker for heartfelt stories. The video revealed Rogers conversing with Jeff Erlanger about his confinement to a wheelchair. My lips curled into a smile when they sang a duet to “It’s You I like,” which expressed that every person, no matter their imperfections, deserves the same respect and acceptance that any other should. Like Mister Rogers, I spend every bit of willpower in my 5’2” body, serving my friends and family. I may be small, but with every kind gesture, I am gradually growing. The winter decorations that I set up throughout the school for those that are unable to decorate their homes during Christmas, the local 5k-color run that I organize for the American Heart Association, and the tours that I give to freshmen and new students are all fatiguing tasks, but everything is worth it. My duty as ASB Secretary is merely one aspect of being in student government and though I am content with recording minutes, smiling at others in the hallway, greeting staff members, and attending monthly lunches with the principle to communicate ideas encourages me to haul myself out of bed to serve. My thirst to help others deepens in the summer as I deck out in jean shorts and a maroon “Choose Love” t-shirt and venture to Seattle with Houston Kraft to commit random acts of kindness. We parade around Pike Place Market with giant “free hugs” signs and embrace random strangers, but give each the same affection. As we pass by the homeless, we hand them homemade lunches and tip musicians and other wanderers with sunflowers. People approach me and ask, “Why are you doing this?” My response is a simple, “Because it’s the right thing to do.” I live in an area where it rains practically 24/7, but my damp clothes and the gloomy sky are not enough to weigh down the goodness that I see in each day. Similar to Mister Rogers, kindness, as strange it may sound, is something that I want to keep pursuing. Whether this is picking up garbage throughout the community or tutoring a friend in calculus, I know I will make the conscious effort to serve others. Though kindness is such a simple behavior, the labor that goes along with it is complex, but believe me, every bit is worth it. The beams on my friend’s faces, the “thank you” letters, the tight hugs, these are the rewards that make me feel alive. I thank people like Mister Rogers and Houston Kraft for allowing me to understand that there is never enough kindness in the world. With that, I shared the video. For I knew that I had done my job of being a kindness advocate that night.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/21-raktivist-surina
RAKtivist: Nicole$My name is Nicole La Ha Zwiercan, and to me kindness is life changing.   Before getting into why kindness is so important to me, I'd like to first say sadly, I wasn't always this way. By no means did I go out of my way to be mean to people, but I didn't go out of my way to be kind either. As a victim of bullying in grade school and again as an adult at my first job as a new hygienist, I used to be embarrassed and ashamed this had happened to me. I believed I brought this upon myself in some way. I never really talked about it and harvested resentful emotions. Since then, I have realized that workplace bullying is far too common. The more I began to read and research the more I began to feel inspired & empowered.  After trying to reach out to active local anti-bullying groups with no luck, I decided it was time to do something. It was time for me to give back, and so my organization "Be Kind. Make A Difference." was born. Our mission focuses not only on bully prevention and awareness, but also on inspiring kindness, with children AND adults. One of the features of “Be Kind. Make a Difference” is visiting with schools throughout Illinois, and through my collaboration with “The Rainbow Rabbit” organization, I lead discussions on kindness, acceptance, and the celebration of our differences. I not only hope to inspire these students to be brave and stand up for each other when it comes to bullying, but I also want to inspire them to create a community of kindness- even outside of school. I want to show them such a small, simple act of kindness can change someone's life in really a big way! Sometimes all it takes is just one person to be kind and break the cycle. I do this with adults as well. A new feature of my organization I have plans to put in action this year is called the "Kindness Crew" here in Chicago. Whether it be through getting involved with volunteerism, hosting community events, or just committing random acts of kindness, we're going to be out and about bringing awareness, spreading kindness and hopefully inspiring others to do the same! Kindness doesn’t cost a thing, but can do SO much! I truly believe being kind can change someone's life- yours and theirs. To read more about Nicole’s organization, visit: http://www.nicolelahazwiercan.com/   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/20-raktivist-nicole
RAKtivist: Mallory$One afternoon, my friends and I were painting a banner for our high school homecoming in the hallway but kept having to go inside of the girl’s bathroom to wash off our messy brushes. I noticed a girl standing in the bathroom quietly sobbing to herself. Everyone kept passing this girl pretending she wasn't even there. I myself had spent several years of high school standing in bathrooms around the school crying because I was struggling with depression and anxiety. It triggered something deep within my heart as I saw some of myself in this girl.  So, despite being a bit shy walking up to a stranger, I approached the girl and asked if she was okay, even though I knew she wasn't. She shook her head no and I told her that she wasn't alone and I would do anything she needed me to, to ease this pain she was in. The school day was almost over though and she had to catch her ride so I gave her my phone number and made her promise to text me that night so we could talk and so she wouldn't have to cope alone. We ended up texting most of the night and the next morning she told me had I not stopped and given her my time she probably would have gone through with her plan and committed suicide. I had no idea as we were standing in the bathroom that she was about ready to take her life and that an act that seemed so small to me made all the difference in her life. It made all those sayings about the power of kindness suddenly seem so true. That day reaffirmed my decision to find work in a field where I could help those struggling with mental illnesses.  Today I am in the process of starting my own organization called Fight For Your Infinity to bring light to those who can't currently see it themselves. I will continue to fight for those suffering because nobody should ever feel like they aren't cared about. I care. And I will spend my entire life spreading that message. And to the girl in the bathroom, well she still has her life and I love seeing that she hasn't given up.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/19-raktivist-mallory
RAKtivist: Kane$My whole life has been dedicated to the search for meaning in chaos. A voyage for the one true way to enlightenment, to recovery, to being well, to find inner peace. To fit. It comes from growing up in a complex family dynamic (or to put it another way a family that was well...screwed up). It comes from knowing you are starting this adventure called Life in the worst possible way with all the odds stacked against you.. I have traveled the world, lived nomadic, been (several times) on the edge, I have explored mysticism, alternative lifestyles, religion and psychology. Yet, all this seeking, at best, met with 'less than satisfied'. I now understand, it is the simplest of things in life that can and do make us well. Connecting with people and creatively taking part in life. Experiencing new adventures or achieving even minor things. Living is about testing ourselves and celebrating what we then can achieve. Like I said, I have tried everything because I have lived through everything and that is no exaggeration. Mental Illness, Near Death Experiences, Trauma & childhood abuse to name but a few. So what after all these years have I found that has broken the cycle of human suffering? Giving The act of giving with compassion & kindness releases you from the trap of the loyalty to self fulfilling misery. Giving is a paradox it is both an act of self healing as well as an act of healing another. Giving breaks down the cycle of time travel (of living in the past or worrying about the future). The act of kindness forces our minds into the ‘present’, the hear & now. Giving is an act of Mindfulness, a live active, interactive version. One of the most powerful effects of giving to another is that we create a sense of belonging for the other person through our recognition of them. Our act of kindness acknowledges their existence in a world where many people feel invisible, alone, unnoticed. We make them feel valued & that by default, values us. Being kind lifts us from Depression, from the cycle of self hate, makes our mark on the world & creates like a positive virus, the same feelings in another.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/18-raktivist-kane
RAKtivist: Peggy$My name is Peggy Filer and I’m a high school health teacher near Seattle, WA. Fifteen years ago two of my students asked me to be the advisor of their new Random Acts of Kindness Club and I said yes. I asked what we would be doing and they laughed and said they didn’t know – they were random! Perfect, because I am random, too. Since then our club has grown from five members to 125 and we have added things like adopting Main Street in our home town of Duvall, WA, going out for Mexican food and paying for people’s meals, being big buddies for kids with disabilities to help them play baseball and go bowling. Every year we have a Kindness Week with special days like Manners Monday,  Thankful Thursday, and Freshmen Friday. During that week we have small strips of colored paper where the kids can write an act of kindness they’ve seen, done, or received and then we link them together to make a Kindness Chain that drapes over our Commons area. We leave it there for a few weeks to remind everyone about how easy it is to be kind. Also, we have invited kids from a nearby elementary school to draw kindness pictures with our kids. I think my big kids enjoy it even more than the younger kids! I try to emphasize that everyday kindness is the most important thing and that it’s more than just being polite – it’s being warm and authentic. Also, I try to get kids to understand that meanness, as well as kindness, can have a ripple effect so they should try to interrupt that negative cycle and convert it to kindness. We have a feature on our school website called BUSTED FOR KINDNESS where the staff members send me a quick message about a kid they’ve seen being kind and then I go take a picture of them with a sign that says “Kind People Rock” and it goes up for all to see. When I walk in a classroom with that sign the kids turn and are excited to see who is getting BUSTED. All these things can be easily added to someone’s day. I have no special talent, just a heart that wants to make someone’s day a bit better.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/17-raktivist-peggy
RAKtivist: Lemeeze$I’m Lemeeze Davids, a 20 year old Blogger and Art Student at Stellenbosch University. I live in South Africa, and we have this Zulu word, “ubuntu”, which is basically all about human kindness. The word “ubuntu” is about seeing yourself in your community and in others. I am, because we are. It’s about smiling at strangers as you pass them, it’s about sharing your food, and it’s about helping others in need.  It’s one of my favorite philosophies because what I take from it is that when I am kind to someone, I need nothing in return. My kindness to others is a kindness to myself. Sometimes being kind can be difficult to remember with the world rushing forward. Often I see a lot of ideas that kindness is a weak trait – that it’s an every-man-for-himself world – but I don’t think that’s a very sustainable way to live. We all need each other. The philosophy may be an ideal one, but no one can say that it hasn’t helped my country rise up from a very terrible past and put us all on a journey to something better. The one thing that always helps me is to take a step back, and ask, “Am I embodying ubuntu?” $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/16-raktivist-lemeeze
RAKtivist: Marceen$My name is Marceen Farsakian. As a first grade teacher, I try to center myself around kind, caring people. Teaching young children is my happy place. During my thirty years of teaching it has always been my belief to teach the whole child. To me, meeting the social and emotional needs of a child is just as important, if not more important, than teaching academics. Students seem to grow in all areas when a safe, positive, and nurturing environment is provided for them. At the beginning of each school year I set a goal for myself; get organized, try new strategies for classroom management, focus on the good, etc. One year I remember telling myself I would focus on the practice of kindness. I would be kind to my students, parents, staff members, and myself. That year ended up being one of my most difficult years as a classroom teacher, but I grew profoundly as a human. Being kind did make the difference. Kindness is contagious. Teaching kindness creates an environment of mutual care and respect. Students become invested in their school. They are secure in the fact that they belong and their being there matters. I believe that when students feel secure, trusted, and respected then they will take risks, take ownership in their actions, and they will have success in all areas. Sharing the teaching of kindness to children has taken me on a beautiful new journey. I started a Kind Kids Club in my class and over the last four years it has grown into a school-wide program. Our kind kids come to life when they are carrying out one of our many RAKs. Their smiles and giggles are magical. My Kind Kids inspire me every day. I am grateful and truly blessed to be able to do what I do! Kindness has changed my world; let it change yours! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/15-raktivist-marceen
RAKtivist: Mark$I used to think that kindness was a word that wasn’t relevant in today’s adult world.  It had been very important in elementary school and, as I got older, it seemed too simplistic.  The adult world can’t be bothered with such childish concepts, I thought.  As I grew into my 30’s, the complexities of the world and the struggle to truly do something meaningful pushed and pulled my head and heart, with very little common ground to stand on.  About 10 years ago, I began to find common ground, built on Kindness. I believe that Kindness is the root of so much that is good and beautiful.  It is the one concept that everyone can agree on.  It has the power to make progress in very difficult situations and with very difficult people.  It is relevant and valued by all, including people of all ages, politics, personalities, cultures, and even the non-human world of animals. Its ability to surprise others, make an impact, and change the world is a clue to a greater power hidden inside. I am committed to practicing Kindness as much as I can.  I find myself drawn to actions that are often hidden, where the beneficiary doesn’t know who did it.  I like kindnesses that are unexpected, spontaneous, or a bit wacky and creative.  I also enjoy rather mundane kindnesses, such as picking up trash as I walk for exercise in my neighborhood.   I have taught several classes on random acts of kindness to elementary and middle school students, and to retirees as well; the discussions and experiences we have had can’t be matched.   Many people show great kindness to me over the years, and I find it a great, thrilling challenge to encourage and expand the reach of the kindness cycle in my community and beyond. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/14-raktivist-mark
RAKtivist: Susane$When I was 12 years old, I already knew that my teen years were going to be the worst years of my life. I was right; I was a total outsider, bullied at school and neglected at home. I felt completely alone and isolated in my small town. Turning my desperation for help into a passion for helping others, I started doing volunteer work when I was 14. The opportunity to practice kindness in the face of so much hostility made me feel like my life had a greater purpose. The more positive energy I shared, the more kindness and appreciation I received. I realized that my purpose in life as a grownup would be to reach out to people, specifically teens, and help them feel less alone. Books were my true friends back then. I was so thankful that the authors wrote those books and that their characters inspired me to never give up. The kindness those authors offered me with their books saved my life. One of my biggest dreams was to become an author so I could write books that would help other teens the way those books helped me. The hope that I could eventually create a happy life, one where I could help teens every day, inspired me to keep holding on. After surviving horrible experiences at school and at home, I made a choice to take the optimistic, positive road in the next steps of my journey to create my best life. I was a high school science teacher for ten years. That was my dream big career. My dream bigger career, one I thought was only possible for the rock star authors I worshipped, is actually what I am doing now. I have been a full-time author of teen novels since 2007 and am grateful for this amazing opportunity to reach out to readers in need every single day. Kindness saved me when I needed help the most. Even small acts of kindness—a smile, a compliment, a door held open—can change someone’s life. You never know what someone else is going through. But, by practicing daily kindness, you become an architect of positive change. And you just might inspire others to do the same. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/13-raktivist-susane
RAKtivist: Travis$Hello, my name is Travis, and I am selfish! Yup, as the youngest of four growing up, I was spoiled rotten. If some was good, than more was better. A good friend of mine told me that I suffer from “Not Enoughness!” It’s true! As an adult I have been better, but I still feel that urge inside of always WANTING. I got into improvisation over 16 years ago and it drastically changed my mindset about living. In improvisation, it’s all about GIVING and taking care of everyone you perform with. That was HUGE! Over the past 15 years I have still performed as an improvisational comedian, but it has also launched me into life coaching, corporate coaching, and performance coaching, all using the principles of improvisation. My company is called Live YES, AND! I help individuals, teams, and companies discover their brilliance through a life-transforming commitment to collaboration. It’s all about giving! Two years ago during Thanksgiving, I had an “Aha!” moment. Black Friday was the next day and I was sickened by all of the commercials and craziness. I had a brilliant pun! What if instead of Black Friday, we celebrated RAK Friday? Just imagine spending the entire day in your community performing as many random acts of kindness as possible! RAK Friday (www.RakFriday.com) was born! So for the last two years we have inspired and encouraged people around the United States to do the same and the response has been awesome. Each year we want to do more, always in the spirit of service rather than selfishness! During 2016, my family and I are committed to doing at least one RAK every day for the entire year! Want to join us? $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/12-raktivist-travis
RAKtivist: Tyson$Hello everyone! My name is Tyson Reed, and I am the Communications Director at Imagine This! Marketing Group (ITMG). Growing up in the Midwest has certainly shown me many forms of kindness and has shaped who I am today. Immediately after graduating college from Eastern Illinois University in 2009, I started an internship at MGM Studios in Los Angeles. Once complete, I returned to the Midwest and landed a management position at a Harley-Davidson dealership. During my time there, I was able to implement many collaborative events to benefit a number of local non-profits and help initiate creative ways to see them succeed. The power of kindness in numbers is tremendous! When you can harness a large group of people’s passion and show them how they can use that passion to help others, it makes for a very rewarding feeling. Due to my diligence and creative professionalism, it caught the eye of other local businesses and local influential individuals in the area. I was then asked to join our local Tourism Advisory Board and being a member of that committee has shown me the “value” of one’s actions. I am now happily employed at ITMG as Communications Director and have the ability to influence on an even larger scale! Kindness: what a simple concept. It is something that doesn’t have to even cost a penny, but can be valued as priceless. Start with the small things. When entering a building, hold the door for the next person. Say thank you. Smile and say hello. Compliment someone. Sometimes it is the smallest thing that rejuvenates faith in the power of kindness. We all get caught up in daily monotony, but when the opportunity of kindness arises, invest those five seconds and the return will feel really awesome! Sincere kindness in the rawest form will nudge and poke your psyche into shape. It will naturally evolve into a kindness tsunami and hopefully you will spread the bug of kindness onto others. There is no denying the power of human compassion. Humans naturally have compassion for others; it’s programmed into your DNA, so go change the world today. Do what you were meant to do! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/11-raktivist-tyson
RAKtivist: Brandy$My name is Brandy Robertson and I am the Executive Director of The Women's Resource Centre in Brandon, Manitoba, Canada. Conscious kindness has been a part of my life for about the last five years, but when I really think about it I’ve been passionate about volunteering for more than two decades. At the age of ten, I started volunteering for a community used book sale and those early efforts evolved to the point where I have now volunteered at one point or another with nearly twenty different organizations. Over the past five years I’ve taken on a number of random acts of kindness challenges, including a thirty-day challenge, a one hundred-day challenge, and when my 29th birthday fell on January 29th a few years ago I performed 29 RAKs that day. As part of my birthday RAKs, I asked my friends and family to participate as well and the result was 51 people in 7 countries across 5 continents performing 72 acts of kindness! My newest endeavour has been a few years in the making, but 2016 is finally here and with it B(e) Kind 366 has begun. Every day in 2016 I will be performing a random (or not) act of kindness, raising funds for three organizations that hold special places in my heart, and hoping to inspire the masses to be kind! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/10-raktivist-brandy
RAKtivist: Chelsea$The first time my daughter looked out the window to see a grizzled man leaning on a crutch, with dirty clothes and disheveled hair, she asked, “What does that man’s sign say?” Though generally quick with an answer, I struggled to explain why people simply drive by and ignore a person in need. Think about it; that’s a tough one. If the greatest gift we could give another is to truly see them, how could I tell my daughter, who will most surely change the world for the better, a bunch of platitudes about not being able to help everyone? If every creature is truly part of the web of life, as Chief Seattle said, and whatever we do to the web we do to ourselves, what message am I conveying to my daughter? Facing countless Universe-expanding questions such as these has brought me clearly into focus on tenderness, empathy, tolerance, and kindness. In my role as middle school principal, I have the opportunity to bring this focus to my work with thousands of young people. Our school is based on philanthropy and we have a strong focus on giving back to our community in countless ways. Teachers understand the value of making time for social-emotional learning alongside academic curricula and counselors teach character, communication, coping, and decision-making skills to support students as they face the challenges of adolescence. In fact, our teachers take their jobs so seriously that it has become my job to remind them of the need for balance and self-care. All of our meetings begin with showers of praise, include team-building fun, and focus on unity. Staff feels connected, students feel accepted, and we are spreading goodness a thousand-fold! Today my daughter and I travel with care kits full of socks, lip balm, and snack bars to hand to people in need. We pick up trash anywhere we see it and recycle and compost with ferocity. We shovel our elderly neighbor’s driveway and maintain a Little Free Library in our neighborhood. We observe the tables around us when dining out and secretly pay their bill. We leave sticky notes of love on cars in parking lots and smile at everyone we meet. I am spreading kindness through my thoughts, words, and actions and I am encouraging everyone I meet to do the same. Our students are influencing others and they, in turn, are influencing even more people. I feel the web shifting as the threads of kindness are taking over and it fills me with incredible hope for the future! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/9-raktivist-chelsea
RAKtivist: Carrie$My name is Carrie and to me, kindness is a CHOSEN lifestyle. In my classroom, I tell my students that every day they are offered a plate – a choice. They can’t choose what HAPPENS to them, but they can choose how they RESPOND to it. Kindness is a CHOICE and it is a LIFESTYLE. It isn’t something we just choose from time to time; it is a way to live our lives.  My father was hospitalized with Leukemia when I was in college. He didn’t choose the cancer, but he CHOSE how to respond to it. To this day, the nurses STILL write my mother letters 17 years later. The reason? My father’s kindness to others even when he was struggling. He made kindness a lifestyle. And I want to be like him. Every day as a teacher, I try to teach the kindness lifestyle. Just recently I turned 40 and a friend gave me 40 individual dollar bills. She challenged me to do something creative with the money. I gladly accepted the challenge. I gave 40 of my students one dollar and challenged them to make a difference. What happened? My Twitter and Instagram feed flooded with pictures of kids making a difference. One girl bought a dollar store stuffed animal and visited a stranger at the hospital. It was overwhelming the way kids made a difference when they were given the opportunity.  I wrote about it here: http://carriewisehart.com/2015/11/05/what-happened-when-i-gave-40-teenagers-a-dollar-and-told-them-to-make-a-difference/. Living the kindness lifestyle means every day, every opportunity. As a high school teacher, I see negativity everywhere. In the hallways, in the lunchroom, and in the locker room, hurtful words and gossip fill the air. So I started a hashtag to promote POSITIVE gossip called #thirdpartycompliments. The idea is that you talk about people behind their backs, but you do it in a POSITIVE way. That way, the gossip that gets back to them makes their day instead of getting them down. Our kindness lifestyle leaves a footprint on others and it encourages them to do the same. Let’s be the movers, shakers, and kind-makers who promote a better, more beautiful world. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/8-raktivist-carrie
RAKtivist: Bert$Mark Twain said, “Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.” To me, kindness is important because when I am kind, I feel good and my life has meaning. Kindness is the ability to enrich the lives of others. It can be expressed though a smile, a kind word, or a helping hand. Sometimes, the kindest thing we can do is just to walk away from a tense situation and not react with anger or retribution. One thing is certain, each of us benefits personally, and our world is a better place when we treat each other with kindness, regardless of the circumstances. Sometimes we search for “the right” opportunity to be kind or we look for someone who is “deserving” of our kindness. Everyone needs kindness. Regardless of our social status, education level or any other factor that might separate us, an act of kindness always brings us together. Two years ago, I was looking for a way to celebrate World Kindness Day. I called a friend, Kevin, also a Raktivist, and asked if he wanted to join me in a Random Act of Kindness. We decided to pay for someone’s groceries. We did, and we had so much fun we decided to invite a few friends and do something similar again a few weeks later. We invited about 20 friends on Facebook to join us. By the time the day came, the invitation had been forwarded over 5,000 times! We had a group of over 550 people that day surprising strangers with Random Acts of Kindness. That was the beginning of the Pittsburgh Kindness Initiative. We just celebrated our second anniversary this past November. We continue to sponsor quarterly kindness celebrations. In addition, we now speak at corporate functions, schools, non-profit organizations and churches, talking about the powerful positive impact kindness can have on our lives. In the last two years kindness groups like ours have sprung up in Atlanta, Kalamazoo, Dubuque, St. Louis and San Diego. We also started the trackable kindness card, which allows us to follow how many people one Random Act of Kindness touches when recipients enter the number from the card on the Pittsburgh Kindness Initiative website. Our goal is simple – to make the world a kinder place one smile at a time. Imagine what the world could be like if we would ask ourselves one simple question before we react: What is the kind thing to do in this situation? Could we eliminate war, hatred, poverty, starvation, and human suffering? I don’t know but we should try, for ourselves, for our children, and for the world. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/7-raktivist-bert
RAKtivist: Emily$When I was younge,r I thought that kindness was an individualistic thing. I figured that I could just give what I thought others wanted and I would be handed a one-way ticket to Happyville. This thought process was drastically altered when I was diagnosed with clinical depression. It became obvious that what I needed, as everyone does, was the ability to love myself. Not only that, but I had to learn how to make deeper, more meaningful connections with people. My struggle with mental health was something that turned into a campaign to let every single person know that they matter and cannot be replaced. At high school, it can be difficult to convey this idea, but I pursued my passions relentlessly. The fruits of my labor are the habits and traditions I have created to help teenagers. Every Friday, I show up to school with homemade treats and pass them out to those who seem to need a pick-me-up. I try to memorize as many names as I possibly can. I have started a club that gives students a safe place to express themselves and learn how to apply empathy in their everyday lives. On my personal social media account, I post weekly affirmations to inspire both me and my friends. It is amazing how the very act of being noticed can change someone’s life. Adolescents often feel that their emotions are somehow “invalid” and their fear of vulnerability makes many of them shy away from real emotional connections. As I go off to college this year, I will be working towards a degree (or two!) that will help me start a non-profit foundation in the future. My ultimate goal is to prove that the world is not a collection of unsolvable problems, but something that can be changed and altered by even the smallest of actions. Everyone can make a difference; but only if they believe they can. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/6-raktivist-emily
RAKtivist: Jessica & Tim$Realizing that we're two self-centered millennials, often focused on what’s ahead instead of what’s around us, we created a series of 12 steps as a way to become kinder, more empathetic people. Based on 12-step programs designed to change behaviors, we took a vow to complete this 12-month resolution last January, one step per month. We’ve also designed the experiment so that others can participate too. It's sort of a modern day, non-religious way that any one can attempt to examine their lives and apathy and attempt to become kinder. There are many articles, books and beliefs on how to become kinder people, but how often do we really put these into practice? So we literally attempted to try many of the popular idioms. Kindness is one thing we all have the ability to share. It’s free, it feels great, and it’s within our control. So, why is it so difficult to be kind at times? How can we become less judgmental of others and ourselves? Our generation tends to only see what we want to see, hear what we want to hear, and surround ourselves with people who share our own experiences and tastes. Countless scientific studies, newspaper articles, religious texts, and self-help books have tried to help us become kinder people, but how often do we really put that advice into practice? Quick run through of each step: Step 1: Can I Help You? Can we gain any empathy or perspective by talking to strangers with different situations? We went out and asked New Yorkers one simple question: "How can we help you?" Step 2: Open Your Eyes Bystander apathy is a phenomenon prevalent in NYC. We hung missing people signs and sat next to them. Did anyone notice? What if we did the same thing with a dog? Step 3: Switch it Up   There are always people who bother us and situations we try to avoid due to our selfishness. What if we had to do their job? Could we be kinder to them in the future? Step 4: Don’t Beat Yourself Up Jessie talks about mental health issues here and I talk about women issues in the past. We all beat ourselves up for the way we've handled things in the past. We tried to forgive ourselves for these experiences by opening up about them. Step 5: Forgive & Forget I went in search for my biological father I've never met. We faced a very painful past experience with someone who hurt us deeply. Can we let go of the pain or misunderstanding we have? Can we gain compassion by confronting them? Step 6: Face Yourself Jessie confronts her fear of becoming a mother and I shave my head for my fear of going bald. Everyone has their own fears and insecurities, and we often hide behind them by judging others. We took a major personal insecurity of ours and faced it head on. Step 7: Kill Them With Kindness They say the ultimate act of compassion is to learn to love your “enemies.” We tried to better understand someone who we don’t get along with by doing something nice for them. Step 8: Walk a Mile In Their Shoes Jessie doesn't understand religion, so she went on a exploratory and participated in all kinds of practices: Catholicism, Buddhism, Scientology, etc. It’s easy to judge lifestyle decisions that we don’t like or understand. We participated in the liveliness of others as a way to learn more about them and their lifestyles. Step 9: Go Big or Go Home Tim drove home 8 hours on Thanksgiving to surprise his mother for dinner. Why do we always neglect the people who we are closest to? We picked one special person in our lives who we commonly neglect and did something nice for them. Step 10: Pay it Forward We left wallets all over NYC with money and a little note asking that the reciepient do one kind thing with it. We also delivered random acts of kindness to people on the streets. Step 11: Wear a Smile For eight hours straight we walked around NYC and smiled at every person we came across. Could we make them smile? Could we bring a moment of happiness to their life? Step 12: Dive Deep For this last step we're going to dive deep into what we've learned and try to do something much larger than ourselves. We’ll open this platform to start a dialogue with micro websites bases on some global issues happening.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/5-raktivist-jessica-tim
RAKtivist: Houston$Kindness is a practice. About 6 years ago, I was on a plane next to a woman who was relentlessly energetic and fidgety. I was tired and wanted to take a nap. But before I could go into “ignore mode,” she tapped me on the shoulder to introduce herself. “Hi, my name is Helga!” We got to talking and eventually it came up that I had started an organization in high school called R.A.K.E. (Random Acts of Kindness, Etc.). As I described what we did, Helga got very serious and told me that she thought “there was nothing more important in the world than Kindness.” I was curious why she was so passionate and, as the plane took off, she dove into a story about the last time she had flown; it was 3 years past and she was en route to Arizona because she had gotten sudden news her Dad’s health was on the decline. Just as the plane was about to depart to Phoenix, her father’s physician called to inform her that her dad had rather suddenly passed away. For the 3 hour plane ride, she sat in stunned silence around strangers. When she arrived to the airport in Arizona, she walked to the nearest wall, sat down, and cried. And here is the part I’ll never forget about Helga’s story. For 2 hours she sat and wept while thousands walked to and fro in the airport. Helga looked at me and said, “Houston, not a single person stopped and asked if I was okay that day. Not one person. It was that day that I realized how much we need each other. It was that day I realized that Kindness Isn’t Normal.” Kindness Isn’t Normal. That has stuck with me all these years - especially now that I work in schools nationwide speaking about compassion, kindness, empathy, and love. I’m reminded all the time that, for many of us (especially young people - but certainly not exclusively), Kindness is NOT usually our default setting. We spend so much time worrying about our problems, our lives, our comfort, our insecurities, getting to our flight - that we walk by or ignore people in need of Kindness every day. I’m oftentimes so worried about ME that I’m really bad at taking care of YOU. So, I’ve made it my mission to do my part in making Kindness Normal. To share stories with students, teachers, and parents about our need for character and compassion. To provide young people with practical ways to exercise Kindness (they don’t always know what it looks like!). And, for me? I’m always be on the lookout for Helga’s—for the little opportunities that surround me every day to practice making Kindness my default setting. For more info on Houston’s company visit www.houstonkraft.com  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/4-raktivist-houston
RAKtivist: Abby$I care about helping people in need. One simple way I think someone can add kindness to the world is by giving to the homeless or needy. When you do something like thi,s you get a tingly feeling. That's what I call “the kindness feeling”. The kindness feeling is my favorite feeling ever. I believe the world needs more kindness because when you give kindness, it spreads. I believe kindness is a necessity to the body. Without kindness, the world is just sad. Every year, I do a pay-it-forward project. One year I collected and donated towels to a local animal shelter. Another year I made breakfast for the police. When I was very little, I raised $1,000 for Shelterbox to help people who were victims of a tsunami. All of this matters to me because kindness is my life. See Abby’s kindness in action! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_5GuJC4oHM $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/3-raktivist-abby
RAKtivist: Kevin$“Mrs. Willis, this is Mr. West from the school.  Do you have a minute to talk?”  Silence. “Yes,” she finally replied quietly. “I just called to tell you that Natasha had a great day at school today.”  More silence. “Really?” she questioned. So I went on.  “I can tell that Natasha is really proud of her new coat.”  Luxuries like new coats were a rarity in Natasha’s household.  Just keeping the utilities turned on and having food to eat was a constant challenge.  Natasha’s new coat had been provided through a holiday coat drive.   Natasha was a seventh grade, special needs student who often had emotional outbursts. Outbursts when asked to participate in class, outbursts when the prior night at home had been chaotic, and outbursts when facing several days away from school over a holiday break. Finally, I heard quiet sobbing at the other end of the phone.  “Thank you.”  Silence again.  “Thank you, Mr. West. Not one person has ever called me from school with good news about Natasha.  Not for any of my kids.  Not once.” I felt sad. “Mrs. Willis, I’m sorry I haven’t made this call sooner, and I’m sorry no one else from school has ever made this call either. Sure, Natasha has some tough days, but she also has a lot of okay days.  Heck, she has plenty of really good days too.”   Over the next few minutes I talked about Natasha’s infectious smile, about her great laugh, about how she responded so positively to compliments.  Mrs. Willis was truly grateful for the call.   So was I.  Over the next year and a half, I called Mrs. Willis several more times, sometimes to share positive reports and sometimes to discuss concerns. Some 23+ years and several career posts later, I still make it a priority to make those calls as often as possible.  A lot has changed in education over 23 years, but parents still like to hear positive reports about their children, just as Mrs. Willis did that day. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1-raktivist-kevin
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
RAKtivist: John$My name is John M. Sweeney. I’m the founder and Chief Kindness Officer of a worldwide social movement called Suspended Coffees. I’m a misfit, a Kindness Coach, I’m a storyteller and I’m a teacher of kindness. For me, kindness has not only changed my life, it's also saved it. Three years ago I was depressed, alone, thinking my life was worthless when I read about the simple idea of Suspended Coffees. Up until this point in my life, I’d been bullied almost everywhere I went and made to feel worthless. My teachers used to bully me, other kids bullied me to the point of it almost costing me my life. Yet since the day I was born all I’ve ever wanted to do was make people happy, make people smile, help people, be kind to others - it's always been my purpose in life. Since the beginning of this movement, I've had a dream of connecting the world through kindness. Yes we’re all about buying coffee for others, but the real heart of the movement is connecting the world with kindness. See, kindness really does make the world a better place. There is no situation on this earth that it wouldn't improve. Kindness has changed my life and the lives of so many others. One such lady just emailed me yesterday, saying she has almost died three times in the last seven months, but she’s been able to laugh and smile because of the message we’re spreading. She’s learned to be kind to her doctors and nurses, which has resulted in them treating her with even more kindness. They actually look forward to coming in to see her. I know that has a positive impact on other patients as well, because when they leave her, they feel better. She’s one of many. I believe the world needs more kindness, but also, we need to be kind to ourselves. It's the thing we struggle with the most, yet it's the most important part of our lives because our lives actually depend on it. During a recent interview I gave, I was asked how I measure the impact of all the kindness I put out into the world. My answer was simple - you can't, you can't measure the impact of a kind act because its reach is far greater than we can imagine, and it's more impactful than we ever dare to dream.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/2-raktivist-john
4 Unique Ways to Celebrate Earth Day, April 22$Mother Nature gives us a lot. Here are 4 fun ways to show appreciation for all she provides. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/273-4-unique-ways-to-celebrate
Small Acts of Kindness$My daughter, Kathrine, lives in Hillsboro, Oregon. Her neighbor recently had a baby. Kathrine took Izzy (Isabella) into her home for a few days when the new mother and baby came home from the hospital. Kathrine and I also went shopping and bought some much needed items for the new baby: diapers, blankets, a towel and wash cloth set, and a few little outfits. We had such a great time shopping for this wonderful lady and her baby and just seeing the smile on her face was so precious. My son in-law, Phillip, left the Navy after serving for 10 years. We had been in Pacific City visiting the beaches. On our way home we stopped at a little diner for some lunch. As we were leaving, Phillip noticed a veteran sitting alone at another table eating his meal. Phillip paid for the veteran's food. Small acts of kindness, but certainly very gratifying. Denise $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/270-small-acts-of-kindness
My Aunt, My Guardian Angel$When I was little, I lived with my mom and dad until the age of three. My parents' relationship dissolved, which left my sister and I living with my dad on the streets until I was 5 years old. At that time, my dad couldn't take care of us anymore and dropped off my sister and I at my Aunt Sylvia's house. I was sad and heartbroken. I started geting comfortable at my aunt's house within a month. I've now lived with my aunt for nine years. She has loved me with all her heart. My aunt was diagnosed with fibromayalgia when she was in her twenties. Every day of her life is lived in pain. I always try to make her feel happy. She is my Guardian Angel. I help her make food, clean up around the house, and help her. You know that people can't have it all, but my aunt really does try to make sure I have it all.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/269-my-aunt-my-guardian-angel
Random Acts of kindness Caitlyn Massaro$Over the weekend I got my license so my friend Jennie and I got our nails done and went out to dinner. SHe paid for my nails so I offered to drive her 45 minutes away to her grandparents house. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/268-random-acts-of-kindness-caitlyn
Helping a Homeless Veteran $Over the course of my spring break I went to visit some colleges. I stayed in the town of Gettysburg for two days at a bed and breakfast. When eating breakfast there I met a Vietnam veteran and talked with him about how poorly veterans are treated after returning home from war, especially the Vietnam generation. After having this talk, I understood the suffering that veterans go through after returning from war. I thanked this man for his service and taking the time to talk to me. Later that day my family and I left Gettysburg and headed down to Maryland. When approaching Baltimore, we saw a homeless man on the side of the highway. This man was holding up a sign that said “I am a homeless veteran please help”. I was driving the car and decided to pull over. The man walked up to the car. I handed him a 20 dollar bill and I thanked him for his service. He said thanks a lot and said it meant a lot to him.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/267-helping-a-homeless-veteran
A Generous, Caring ... Dentist?!$My name is Yaneth. My mom was a single mom to six kids. My sister and I were both born in Mexico and were brought to the United States without proper documentation. We have since become legal residents, but growing up we had a lot of challenges because we didn't have proper documentation. We couldn't get Medicaid because that was only offered to legal residents, so we went without medical and dental checkups all throughout our childhood. I remember when I was 19 I got a really bad toothache. I had never had a toothache that bad; I think that's when all my dental problems started. My mom gave me Tylenol and that was the end of it. Dentist nowadays are so expensive, and they will only finance you if you're working a good job with great pay so going to a dentist wasn't an option for me. With time, my teeth were in really bad condition. My molars were full of cavities and some already had pieces missing; my front tooth had started to chip. It was embarrassing sometimes to even smile. One night while at home I got that same awful pain I had when I was 19.  It was a Friday night and I knew I had to just ride it out with over-the-counter medicine until I could get it fixed. At this point I had already had a few molars pulled at the University of Texas where they charged very little. It was cheaper to pull them than to fix them, but this molar was in the front and I knew I had to get it treated. I started searching the internet for things like charity dentists, cheap dentists, and pro bono dental work. Some names came up and I Facebook-stalked them. I sent a bunch of messages to a lot of different dentists, but only one responded: Dr. David Hassid. He asked me what day I would be available to go to his office. He said he would do my exam and x-rays for free and we could then talk about pricing. He also told me the most important thing to do was to get me out of pain as soon as possible. I couldn't believe it! I was finally going to get my first dental checkup at the age of 31. He scheduled me for that following Thursday. I went in and his dental assistant came out and greeted me. He came in, introduced himself, and started doing my check-up. He got x-rays, took pictures, and poked around a little. He then told me all of the work I would need done, but all I heard was money I didn't have. He said he could go ahead and pull one of the molars that needed to be pulled out that day. He said whatever I was able to pay that day was fine, and he would do an invoice and then give me a discount. My bill was around $5,500, but he brought it down to $3,100. On top of that, he gave me an opportunity to pay it in payments. Since then, he has pulled three teeth, done a root canal and a crown, seven fillings, and fixed my chipped tooth. It has been about two years of me going to him. My son now sees him as well. I cannot and will not ever be able to sing his praises enough for being the type of person he is. He is caring, he treats you with dignity, and his whole office is just awesome. He does a lot of other charity work as well. He helps at Houston's Food Bank, he helps at animal shelters. He is just awesome! There are no words to describe Dr. Hassid. He helps you in any way he can and I just want other people to know about this hidden Houston gem we have. If you're ever in Houston and need dental work, don't hesitate to call Dr. Hassid. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/266-a-generous-caring-dentist
Experiencing New Orleans$Over my spring break, I decided to take the time to go to New Orleans to volunteer. For me, volunteering isn't just a high school requirement. I didn't even know it was a requirement up until a few weeks ago. To me, volunteering is fun and it makes me feel good about myself. I feel like I'm making an impact on someone's life for the better. One of the days while we were in New Orleans, we volunteered at an Urban Garden. They were very understaffed and were so grateful for our help. Some of the kids on my trip weren't very talkative and some were a bit ignorant about the work these people were doing. I started working with a woman who had tried talking to some of the other kids which didn't work out, so I decided to talk to her. She was so sweet and I learned a lot just from that small conversation. You could also tell from the small conversation that she was grateful I talked. She was so excited to have a conversation with me and vice versa. This may be a small moment and not an inteneded act of kindness, but I feel that that's the only genuine way you can show kindness. It has to be spurr of the moment. You can't force yourself to do things because you will end up not fulfilling your goals or dreading it the entire time you do it. To be kind, you have to WANT to be kind. Its an amazing thing, kindness, because not only does the person it's being done to feel grateful, but you also feel good about yourself after it. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/265-experiencing-new-orleans
Driving Home$So this past weekend I took the ACT, a college readiness test, at a town thirty minutes from my own town. I drove myself to the test. I thought I would be the only student from my school at this testing location, but to my surprise I ran into another kid from my school and grade. We said hi to each other and then, after the ACT, I noticed he was just standing around, waiting for a ride. I offered to give him a ride home and he agreed because his father was very far away. We had a fun drive home and talked about so many things I would have never experienced if I had not offered to give him a ride home. I'm very happy I gave him a ride home because now I feel closer with him. I also feel good that I did this nice and kind act. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/264-driving-home
For a Face Full of Sunshine$All I was doing that day was selling pastries. College was overwhelming, I missed my family, and I was selling pastries. A couple walked in with smiles and I noticed. I noticed how tightly she held his arm. I imagined each wrinkle on their face as a memory; there were hundreds of beautiful memories. He held her hand and she held his. Then, they asked for a pastry to share. As they slowly decided which delicious dessert they'd like to eat, he looked at me with kind eyes and peaceful demeanor and asked me if I always had sold pastries there. I gave him my story and then he gave me his. I'm not sure what he was thinking, or why it popped into his head, but then it happened. He asked me to sing; any song, but would I sing. Of course, he didn't know I had been in Honors Choir for years. The only song that came to mind was "You are My Sunshine," so I sang it out. As I began, he also began, and then his wife began to sing too. There, in the midst of the pastries and several other customers, we sang "You are My Sunshine". What I thought would be embarrassing turned into one of the most precious moments I've ever experienced. His eyes were dripping tears, while customers were overwhelmed with joy. When the song finished he looked at me, took my hand, and smiled the most sunshine filled smile I'd ever seen. He said, "Oh, you don't know how much this means to me." And they walked away, hand in hand. He kissed her forehead before he opened the door. A simple song of kindness; a simple act of good. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/263-for-a-face-full-of
Unexpected Opportunity$The random act of kindness I chose to do was transport someone who can’t drive. While this was not an act I was planning on doing, it happened out of nowhere. I had been planning on cleaning a friend's house, but a new opportunity presented itself. I was dropping a friend off at home after lacrosse practice when I noticed that one of my teammates was on the side of the road. It was clear that his car had broken down. While I was in a sort of rush to get home to eat dinner, I decided it would be heartless of me to not help. After about fifteen minutes of trying to jumpstart his car, we realized it was hopeless. I felt really awful that he had to go through this so I offered to take him home. He was really appreciative of the ride and I felt good about myself. It took awhile to get to his home and back, so I missed dinner with my family, but the positives definitely outweighed the negatives. I felt good about helping a teammate and he was happy to be able to get home. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/262-unexpected-opportunity
COLLECT CLOTHES TO DONATE$ My parents wanted me to clean out my closet over break because I have too many clothes in my closet that I don't wear because they're too small for me.  I asked my parents if there's any place we can donate my clothes that were too small for me. They said  the SVMS had a drop box for clothes that donated and then would be given to the people in need of clothes. Next time if you clean out closet don’t throw it away if it is not in bad shape because there is many places where you can donate clothes and it can go to someone in need. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/261-collect-clothes-to-donate
Man in batman t-shirt gives a randam act of kindness-Frederick MD$Thank you to the kind man wearing the batman t-shirt for the act of kindness of putting $20 in my tank. It truly was a kind act and I hope you know how much I appreciate it. Thank you so much! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/260-man-in-batman-t-shirt-gives
Avalanche of Kindness$Over spring break, I did an act of kindness for my neighbor. My act was actually completed after my neighbor did an act of kindness for me. On Easter, my sister and I received chocolates and candies from our neighbor. Never before have we received anything from this neighbor and we've lived in the same house for four years. It was truly a random act of kindness. I decided to write my neighbor a thank you note for the kind gift she gave us and, in return, gave her a chocolate bar from England. She was very happy that I made the effort to write a thank you note and said she didn’t expect anything in return. It made me happy that she was happy with my random act of kindness just like I was with hers. Now everytime I see her outside we wave and say hello which we did not do before. Sometimes I bring in her garbage cans or collect the newspaper if it's out on the driveway. This just shows how one act of kindness can lead to many more and how a little kindness can go a long way. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/259-avalanche-of-kindness
Serving the Chef$It was Thursday morning of my spring break week during Junior year, and I was late to meet my friends at the nearby Dunkin' Donuts to get breakfast. As I ran downstairs, I noticed my mom in the kitchen getting ready to begin her day as well. She was headed to her business, Chef Loryn’s, where she stands as the owner and head chef of the restaurant. Racing to find my car keys, I quickly jolted back, turning to my mom in dire need of cash. She salvaged about $4.50 for me, which was just enough for my breakfast. I grabbed my keys as my mom grabbed her coffee cup. I sped out the door to be halted by a loud noise behind me. My mom dropped her coffee and grunted loud enough for me to notice. She was late for work and didn’t have time to get another cup. I drove off to Dunkin' Donuts with my music playing and my phone buzzing with unlimited messages from my friends wondering where I was. I pulled into the parking lot to see them already waiting for me. I entered and waited behind a woman and her son as they ordered their breakfast. The boy appeared to be about 10-years-old and the mom seemed to be a young woman who couldn’t satisfy her son’s need for a chocolate glazed donut with only $3.00 on her. I watched as the worker behind the counter explained to the lady that she has a son the same age who loves donuts and not to worry about paying for it. She reached and grabbed one chocolate glazed donut for the eager 10-year-old and handed it to him. I was truly moved by this simple act of kindness that the  worker did for her customer that I was persuaded to do something I wouldn’t have before. Instead of ordering my usual breakfast, I ordered a large hot latte just like my mom likes it. I examined the change I was given and instead of keeping the extra $2.50, I handed it to the woman. I was not expecting to leave a tip, but once I observed a random act of kindness, I couldn’t bypass the opportunity. Once handed the latte, I told my friends I would be right back and I drove down the street to Chef Loryn’s. I walked into the restaurant, latte in hand, and smiled at my mom. She smiled right away embracing me in her arms. At that moment, I didn’t care about my friends waiting for me nor that I didn’t have a blueberry muffin. I was happy that I was able to make someone else’s day by a simple and random act of kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/258-serving-the-chef
Saying Something Nice$My younger brother and I are very competitive. He is only a couple of years younger than me so I guess the competition is normal. For reasons I sometimes cannot understand, he at times tries to surpass me in small things around the house. My reaction to his antics are usually negative, but for once I decided to try something new. I saw the simple but powerful opportunity to, “Say something nice to someone,” and I knew it was worth a try. If he devoted his time to doing something better than me, I would compliment him on his success. So when he broke my record for the most soccer juggles in a questionable manner, I congratulated him instead of arguing. I said, “Wow, Lucas! Nice job. First try is even more impressive!” He was a bit flustered at first, but said thanks after a pause. There were no arguments for the rest of the day, and, even better, I got that feeling of satisfaction after making someone else feel good! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/257-saying-something-nice
Beautifying our School$My 8th Grade Community Service Project Introduction: Before I began my 8th grade community service project, I thought about what community service is. I realized that it depends on how you define community. I relate community mostly to the community that I am around everyday, my school. Since I can remember, community service has been a part of my family’s values and a guiding principle of the school I attend. I have attended the same school for over ten years, a school that has grown to 12 acres with an expansive organic garden, a pond, and farm animals. I am the second from the youngest in my family, and our family has been a part of this Waldorf community for 17 years. We have built buildings and planted gardens and cared for animals. We cheerfully volunteered to work weekends and evenings at the school regularly. Beauty and service has always been a part of our community work at Desert Marigold School. When I was a younger child, gnomes and fairies on the campus performed random acts of kindness and beauty; and beautiful festivals and performances celebrated all that was good in the natural world such as the changing of the seasons, holidays, and friendship. We accepted this as an absolute truth and believed that this was the way that the world really is. As we got older, we became more aware of the communities beyond our campus gardens and gentle curriculum. We found out that the world is not always a place where kindness and beauty are an everyday expectation. I also started to notice that our little school community had grown. There was so much to do on the campus that new people joined our community who did not have the benefit of experiencing what I did. They did not know the tricky gnomes whose mischievous deeds needed fixing or cleaning up; or spirited fairies that magically transformed little spaces into beautiful nature tables and natural works of art. It seemed that there were not enough volunteers or staff to get everything done; there is just too much to do. Many things do not seem as beautiful now that I am older. I guess I am more jaded in my perceptions, as the magic of fairies and gnomes have faded somewhat from my sight, although I can still occasionally see glimmers of it in the kindergarten yard. My older sister also had a similar view to mine. She wanted to do something to help make the campus more beautiful too. We came up with a plan to anonymously make the community more beautiful through random acts of community kindness and beauty. That is when I decided that my community service project would be in service to beautifying the school, in functional ways, and hopefully appease the few remaining fairies and gnomes and other elemental beings that may still reside at our school. We selected two campus projects, that we worked on together. We designed the projects and got permission from the administration to do them. We painted the boy’s and girl’s bathrooms on the lower grades yard first. We used the celestial sun and moon representation on the doors, artfully designed by my sister. I selected a third project to beautify the campus and to bring imagination and magic near the early childhood yard. A tree near the entrance of the early childhood yard was sick and needed to be cut down. The young children were upset by the loss of this tree, and the stump left was a sad reminder to them of the living tree that stood at the entrance to their yard. I decided to convert this tree stump into a planter and fairy house, for visiting fairies to stop by and have a little snack. I put little windows in the bark house so that the children can peak in to the little fairy kitchen as they walk by. Even though hand-chiseling the tree stump took many hours, it was well worth the evening and weekend time to heal a wound in our natural environment at our school. I hope my story inspires other potential RAKtivists to consider doing random acts of kindness and beauty at their school. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/256-beautifying-our-school
Rewarding Points$I take my kiddo to the movies once in a while and use a reward card with a local theater here. We haven't been in a while so they put a free popcorn on the card as enticement for us to return. The little trick worked and I decided we would go see a movie. I checked to see how many points we had accumulated on our card and there were a lot more than I had remembered. When we walked in to the theater, there was a family in front of us with six children. They ordered a large popcorn and then asked for a few bags (the little brown lunch bags). I talked to my son and we got a popcorn and then used a bunch of points to give the family extra snacks. I love seeing the looks on people's faces when a stranger does something nice for them with no strings attached. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/255-rewarding-points
Reward Points?  $I take my kiddo the movies once in a while and I have a reward card with a local theater here.  We haven't been in a while so they put a free popcorn on the card.  Sure, we'll go see a movie... I checked to see how many points we had accumulated on our card and there was a loooot.   When we talked in there was a family in front of us with six children, if I remember correctly.  They ordered a large popcorn and then asked for a few bags (the little brown lunch bags).  I talked to my son and we got a popcorn and then used a bunch of points to give the family extra snacks.  I love seeing the looks on people's faces when a stranger does something nice for them with no strings attached. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/254-reward-points
Welcoming Neighbors$On Saturday night, I was babysitting two girls who live on the street next to me. We were watching Barbie when the doorbell rang. I went to answer the door and saw a man, his daughter, and a little dog. When I opened the door they introduced themselves and handed me homemade brownies and a sheet of paper with a description of their family. I explained to them that I did not live here and was just staying until 11, but that I lived in the white house right next to theirs. Our backyards go into one another and the dad said he had seen me playing lacrosse. They had just moved here from Chatham and were going around to each of the surrounding houses to introduce themselves. I talked to them for about 10 minutes and then told them that my sister was not home but my parents should be. When I called my mom she said they were out to dinner, so I knew they would miss meeting the new neighbors. When I got home from babysitting I told my mom how I had met the dad and daughter and how nice they were. I told them we should be the ones making an effort to get to know them. So Sunday morning my mom, sister, and I walked over to their house. They were so happy that we came and could not have been nicer. It made me feel good to see how much it meant to them that we came and they were excited to get to know us. It was a simple 2-minute walk that really made a positive impact in their day and hopefully made them feel more welcomed into Madison. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/253-welcoming-neighbors
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Making my Grandfather Happy$My grandparents were coming over to my house to have dinner. This was a sort of family get together, with my grandparents, aunts, uncles, etc. Now my grandparents had given me their car about a year ago and I was so thankful; I swore to them that I’d take care of it. Well, let’s just say I’m not that good at keeping promises, because the car was a mess. There was bird poop on it and stuff cluttered in the back and in the trunk. I decided that as much as I loved all the stuff back there, and as busy as I was at the time with just getting finished with touring colleges and working day and night on my Eagle Project proposal, I knew I needed to do something. I had to make the car look presentable to my grandparents, ESPECIALLY my grandfather, who had treated the car like his own child. If he looked in the window to the back of the car, he wouldn’t say anything, but he would definitely feel disappointed. I dropped everything and went outside and commenced my cleanup. It took about a half an hour. There was so much junk in the back, like drumsticks, plastic cups, and candy.  I got to the trunk where my brother and I keep our stash of junk food. There was so much other stuff back there I didn’t even know I had, including a button-down shirt, my missing hat, my certificate for confirmation into my church, empty soda cans, and a two-week-old sandwich. I dumped it all on the pavement and looked back in my car, asking myself why I hadn’t done this before. I also grabbed a wet rag and wiped off all the bird poop. The car wasn’t shining like new, but it did look a lot better than before. Then I remembered something my mom told me about how my grandfather would never let the gas tank go down to ‘E’ and would always fill the car right up whenever he had used ¾ of the gas. Apparently it’s better for the car, or at least it is in his mind. While I knew he’d never really see this, I knew it would make him happy if he’d known that I had filled up the tank, as my car was almost at ¾ of the way to empty. So I told my mom I was going out to get gas and filled my car up. I was pleased with the work I had done and went back inside to work more on my Eagle Project proposal. My grandparents later showed up at the house. While we were all eating dinner, my grandfather grinned at me and said, “The car’s looking good,” which was something he’d never really said to me before. I’m now committing myself to cleaning out my car every month. It means taking about an hour out of my week to help keep one of the things my grandfather cherishes most in the best shape it can be. I’m also saving up money now for a car wash because, while I could care less about how my car looks, I want to make my grandfather happy again the next time he sees my car. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/252-making-my-grandfather-happy
My 8th Grade Community Service Project$ Before I began my 8th grade community service project, I thought about what community service is.  I realized that it depends on how you define community.  I relate community mostly to the community that I am around everyday, my school. Since I can remember, community service has been a part of my family’s values and a guiding principle of the school I attend.  I have attended the same school for over ten years, a school that has grown to 12 acres, with an expansive organic garden, a pond and farm animals.  I am the second from the youngest in my family, and our family has been a part of this Waldorf community for 17 years. We have built buildings and planted gardens and cared for animals. We cheerfully volunteered to work weekends and evenings at the school regularly. Beauty and service has always been a part of our community work at Desert Marigold School.  When I was a younger child, gnomes and fairies on the campus performed random acts of kindness and beauty; and beautiful festivals and performances celebrated all that was good in the natural world such as the changing of the seasons, holidays, and friendship. We accepted this as an absolute truth – and believed that this was the way that the world really is – A world of beauty and kindness.  As we got older, we became more aware of the communities beyond our campus gardens and gentle curriculum.  We found out that the world is not always a place where kindness and beauty are an everyday expectation.  I also started to notice that our little school community had grown. There was so much to do on the campus, new people joined our community who did not have the benefit of experiencing what I did.  They did not know the tricky gnomes whose mischievous deeds  needed fixing or cleaning up; or spirited fairies that magically transformed little spaces into beautiful nature tables and natural works of art. It seemed that there were not enough volunteers or staff to get everything done, there is just too much to do.  Many things do not seem as beautiful now that I am older.  I guess I am more jaded in my perceptions, as the magic of fairies and gnomes have faded somewhat from my sight – although I can still occasionally see glimmers of it in the kindergarten yard. My older sister also had a similar view to mine.  She wanted to do something to help make the campus more beautiful too. We came up with a plan; to anonymously make the community more beautiful through random acts of community kindness and beauty.  That is when I decided that my community service project would be in service to beautifying the school, in functional ways, and hopefully appease the few remaining fairies and gnomes and other elemental beings that may still reside at our school.  We selected two campus projects, that we worked on together.   We designed the projects and got permission from the administration to do them.  We painted the boy’s and girl’s bathrooms on the lower grades yard first.  We used the celestial sun and moon representation on the doors, artfully designed by my sister.  I selected a third project to beautify the campus and to bring imagination and magic near the early childhood yard.  A tree near the entrance of the early childhood yard was sick and needed to be cut down.  The young children were upset by the loss of this tree, and the stump left was a sad reminder to them of the living tree that stood at the entrance to their yard.  I decided to convert this tree stump into a planter and fairy house, for visiting fairies to stop by and have a little snack.  I put little windows in the bark fairy house so that the children can peek in to the little  kitchen as they walk by.  These are little things, even though hand chiseling the tree stump took many hours, it was well worth the evenings and weekend time to beautify parts of the campus and heal a wound in our natural environment at our school.  I hope my story inspires other potential RAKtivists to consider doing random acts of kindness and beauty at their school.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/251-my-8th-grade-community-service
Cook A Meal For Someone$After a long college road trip, my mom was exhausted when we came home and she usually prepares dinner everyday. So I took it upon myself to prepare dinner for the whole family and give my mom a day off. I looked in the pantry and saw tomato sauce and pasta. Immediately I knew what I was going to make. It took about an hour to make everything, but it was worth seeing the reactions. My mom, dad, and sister were all pleasantly surprised.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/250-cook-a-meal-for-someone
Buying Her Milk$Today I stood in a queue at the supermarket waiting to pay for my groceries. An elderly woman in front of me went to pay for her shopping with a £10.00 note but the shopping came to slightly more than this. She didn't have any other money in her purse or, it seems, a card to put the transaction on. She gave the cashier back the large bottle of milk she had which then meant that her shopping was less than £10.00. She walked out of the shop with the help of a walking frame. When it came for my turn to pay I thought, "I can pay for her milk and catch up to her on the way out of the shop." As I handed her the milk, I told her I hoped that she would have a good day. She thanked me very much and wished me the same. I am so glad that I was able to help this lady. I don't know what her circumstances are, but at that point in time I was able to be of assistance to a fellow human being. It felt great. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/248-buying-her-milk
Sharing Bo's Joy$My 20-month-old nephew, Bo, passed away unexpectedly on March 28, 2016. Bo was not just a regular kid; he was truly something special. His entrance into the world started the adventure, when he was born in a car on the way to the hospital! He was born with Down's Syndrome and a heart defect which was later corrected. Bo was a very happy and healthy kid and his death is still a shock to us all. In Bo's short time here on Earth, he spread so much joy. He had the best demeanor and was ALWAYS smiling and clapping. We know Bo had so much more love to give, so we are encouraging people to do acts of kindness in Bo's memory. We handed out 1,000 Acts of Kindness cards at his funeral and created a Facebook page (www.facebook.com/BoRedfield) and want this to catch on like wildfire. We have a PDF version of the cards for people to print off as well. It would mean the world to my family if this story could get out to the public so Bo can continue to spread the joy he did for those of us fortunate enough to have him in our lives while he was with us. Thank you for your consideration. Kristen Fay Holmen, WI kristenjfay@gmail.com $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/247-sharing-bos-joy
Teaching Them To Journal$I worked as a Juvenile Detention Officer for years and I found it difficult to communicate with the kids at first. I learned quickly that they opened up when I shared relevant stories about my life. I shared how I use to put my feelings on paper in a form of a poem to express myself. I eventually wrote a book as a tool to communicate with them. It went so well that I was told that I should publish it, so with the help of my family I did. I purchased some copies and sent them out to a few Detention Centers in hopes that it can help someone else by showing them everyone has a story. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/246-teaching-them-to-journal
Renewing Curb Appeal$A week ago, I called up all the Scouts I could get and, with their leaders, we went to a home that was needing a lot of TLC outside. The family was losing their father to an aggressive form of cancer. It took all of six months for this cancer to ravage this 33-year-old man's body. Because of his struggle, the appearance of the home simply wasn't a priority for them. We helped his wife clean the outside of her home and then I bought pizza for everyone. It was fun!!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/244-renewing-curb-appeal
Miniature Horse Therapy$When I was 16-years-old, I saw a picture of a miniature horse in a nursing home and dreamed of providing that type of therapy myself in the future. Some years went by, but I still had this dream. At the age of 24, I found the opportunity to buy two miniature horses, Speedy and Junior. Even though they are small, they have done some great things! I have been taking them to visit nursing homes for 3 years now, after my full-time hours in another occupation. We have had elderly people who have started to cry because they never thought they would see a horse again and some who have not spoken for weeks have started to talk again. We have had so many good moments that it would take all day to write them. We are just trying to make a difference by giving some of our time doing acts of kindness in my home town in Norway. The elderly woman is this picture loved Junior so much that when she died her family mentioned Junior at her funeral. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/243-miniature-horse-therapy
The Refreshing Church$I love my church because we do things to help others. We have what we call "Mankind Mindset" Projects. When we arrived at church one Sunday we were handed an envelope with our program. Inside the envelope was a blank card and $1. We were instructed to write a message and add whatever we wanted to the card whether monetary or otherwise and then take the card while we were out and about and let God lead us to a person who might need what was in the card and give it to them  and let them know that God loves them and to be blessed. I loved this project and thought it was a great way to spread kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/242-the-refreshing-church
Donating Therapy Puppets$I've been knitting puppets for use in therapy with bereaved, traumatised, or distressed children. The puppets are mostly distributed through an organisation in Yorkshire, United Kingdom, called Knit-For-Nowt. They distribute newly knitted items to those in need. Up until recently I've just sent them hats, socks, scarves, and blankets for distribution through homeless shelters, food banks, and mother and baby centres, but they were asked for puppets and making them has been a pleasant change. Dinosaurs seem particularly popular! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/241-donating-therapy-puppets
Journeying Out of the Void$EDITED:  On November 1, 2015, I walked into the Covina AT&T store. My phone was shattered to pieces and I didn’t have access to any money. Looking back, I have no idea why I walked in there believing I would be able to do anything, but I had to trust in something bigger than the lack of resources I possessed at the time. I walked in hoping that God would press upon someone’s heart to move in my favor. And, my God, I am so glad I did, because he did just that for me.  I walked into AT&T embarrassed and afraid they would ask what had happened. I was preparing to create a comfortable story to cover up everything, but when I pulled out my phone to explain, I just started crying. To me, it was so much more than just losing a phone because of someone else’s uncontrollable anger. It was the moment I had to accept that I had no control over my abusive situation, no way to continue keeping it unnoticed, and no ability to hide my reality. I was standing in a place that required me to speak up and hope someone would hear me, see me, and find it in their heart to help me. Caesar, an AT&T employee, intervened. He held a box of tissue out towards me and told me it was going to be okay. He and another associate kindly brought me water as they worked diligently to find solutions for me. These two young men were placed purposefully in this store for me. Caesar did all of the work he needed to do to make sure I walked out of that store with a new phone, a new phone number, and a case to compliment my new journey.  Caesar was my reminder that there are people out there who are placed perfectly to stand with each of us on our own journey. There are folks that will actually see you, reminding you that it’s all going to be okay. As I journey through my healing, I want to say thank you to Caesar and the staff in that AT&T store on November 1.  From the hearts of every woman who has ever had to fight through pain, shame, embarrassment, abuse, and feeling like no one was listening, thank you is simply not enough for your witness to my journey. Domestic violence is real and scary and there is nothing more comforting than having complete strangers embrace you and your story, posting themselves to help you through. If you, or anyone you know, is a survivor of domestic violence and needs to speak with someone about resources in your area, I encourage you to call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at (800) 799-7233. Respectfully, Antonia J. White (626) 252-8920     ----- ORIGINAL Some Moments Are About Appreciating The People God Places Perfectly Along Your Journey- To Symbolize His Hand In Everything. On November 1st 2015, I walked into The Covina AT&T store, My Phone Was Shattered To Pieces, And I Didn't Have Access To ANY Money. Looking Back I Have No Idea Why I Walked In There Believing I Would Be Able To Do Anything, But I Had To Trust In Something Bigger Than How I Felt, and the lack of Resources I Possessed at The Time, I Had To Walk in Hoping that God Would Press Upon Someones Heart To Move In My Favor. ..And My God I Am So Glad I Did, Because he Did Just That For Me. I walked Into AT&T Embarrassed They Would Ask What Happened,And Preparing To Find A Comfortable Story to Cover Up Everything, But When I Pulled Out My Phone to explain- I Just Started Crying. It Was So Much More Than Just Losing A Phone because of someone Elses Uncontrollable Anger, It Was The Moment I Had To Accept I Had No Control Over My Abusive Situation,No Solution To Ensure It Goes Unnoticed, And No Way Of Hiding My Reality , I Stood In A Place That REQUIRED ME To Speak Up And Hope Someone Would Hear Me-See Me- And Find It In Their Heart To Help Me. ... This is where Ceasar (an AT&T employee)Intervened,He Held A Box Of Cleenex And Told Me It Was Going To Be Okay, He and another associate kindly brought Me Water as they worked diligently to Find Solutions For Me. This Young Man, And the other associates in the store, were placed Purposefully In This Store For Me. I thank God AT&T saw something In You all and Hired Such Amazing Employees. When I Tell You All Ceasar Called all of the Supervisors He Needed To Call To Make Sure I Walked Out Of That Store With A New Phone, New Phone Number, And A Case To Compliment My New Journey, He Did Exactly That! He Was More Than An Employee That Day, He Was My Reminder That There Are People Out Here Who Are Placed Perfectly To Stand With You in Your Journey. To "See you" and remind you it is going to be okay. As I Journey Through My healing, I wanted to say thank you to Ceasar, The Staff,And AT&T, you are definitely apart of my testimony. If You All Walk Into The Covina Ca AT&T Store And See Ceasar, Shake This Mans Hand, And Tell Him Thank you from every Woman Who Has Ever Had To Fight Through Pain- Shame- Embarassment And Abuse,and felt like No One Else Was Listening- THANKYOU! Domestic Violence is Real,And There Is Nothing More Comforting Than Having Complete Strangers Embracing You, And Your Story, And Posturing Themselves To Help You Through This Journey. If you or anyone you know is a survivor of Domestic Violence and need to speak with someone about resources in your area, I encourage you to use these resources: LOS ANGELES COUNTY HOTLINE (24 HOUR) (800) 978-3600 NATIONAL DOMESTIC VIOLENCE HOTLINE (24 HOUR) (800) 799-7233 Respectfully, Antonia J. White 626.252.8920 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/240-journeying-out-of-the-void
Mission 1: Macaroni Salad$So I got this thing called Sneaky Cards. They cause you to get out of your comfort zone and do nice things for others! I thought it sounded cool, so I bought some! The first card I pulled out of the deck when I opened in said to try a new Food, so I decided or try macaroni salad! When I tasted it, it felt great and I felt happy! The next day I dropped it off when my mom took me to Putt-Putt Funhouse! I dropped it of at the place where you get your mini golf clubs and balls! Raktivists, I have to say happy Easter, and may you have the best parties you can! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/238-mission-1-macaroni-salad
Promising Kindness$As all good ideas are born late at night while contemplating life's most difficult questions and coming to new realizations, it's currently 12:55 am. In this moment, you my dear reader are witnessing the beginning of a journey. I'm only a junior in high school and I've noticed an alarming lack of general kindness in school. With a noticeable theme of stress placed on the students to perform at high standards throughout all grade levels, sometimes people forget to be kind to one another. I am not exempt from this trend; I've noticed that I have become very self-involved. Focusing on my studies and extra-curricular activities, I rarely find myself smiling at other students in the hallway or simply saying good morning to my first block teacher. It may seem like small insignificant actions, but they could carry more weight than you can imagine, especially when your teacher has a 2-month-old baby and still has to wake up early to teach a class at 7:15 am. So what am I going to do? Well that's a good question. I have come up with three promises for myself: 1) I promise to try to do small kind acts each week. Nothing too big or elaborate. A "good morning" here, an "I like your shirt" there, and maybe even a "thank you" when I'm leaving a teacher's classroom. Who knows, I could be in a rebellious mood and ask someone how there day has been or write a letter. KINDNESS TARGET: School. 2) I promise to do something a little bit bigger once a month or, hopefully, every other week. For example, making food for the local fire station or leaving a bunch of positive notes in public places. KINDNESS TARGET: The General Public. 3) I promise to call my grandparents each weekend. There isn't any other reason besides the fact that I have to call my grandparents. KINDNESS TARGET: Personal Life and Family. So here goes nothing. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/237-promising-kindness
Proud Mom Moment$My son turned 20 on February 10. In order to get some time with him on his special day, I arranged to meet him for breakfast. We met at a nearby Perkins, had a nice meal, genuine conversation, and then it was time for us to each head our separate directions. We were walking side-by-side on our way back to our vehicles, but all of the sudden he began walking back toward the restaurant. I looked back and saw a woman getting her walker out of the trunk of her car. My son walked over to assist her and held the door open for her. This was certaily a proud moment for me, watching my son show a random act of kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/235-proud-mom-moment
A girl in the faculty$One day in my third year on facult in English literature, I was passing near a half-open classroom door when I saw a girl crying inside. I stopped walking and decided to enter and see what I could do to help her. I went to her, sat next to her, patted her on the arm and asked her what was wrong. She told me that she had difficulty in understanding grammar and that she hesitated over accepting a temporary job offer as an oil worker because her brother was paternalistic. I told her that we can meet at 04.00 p.m. when she finishes her courses so that I could help her study. Then I suggested that she tries to explain to her brother her point of view calmly and resolutely about her decision to work and give him time to see her point. She thanked me for being there and we became friends ever since. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/234-a-girl-in-the-faculty
Surprising Generosity$A man and his wife noticed I gave up my meal to feed my daughter. Unfortunately, I just didn't have enough money for my own meal. I finished my purchase and left, noticing a $20 bill in my daughter's hand. She told me that the man and his wife next to us gave it to her to give to me. My jaw dropped. Thank you so very much to that man and wife. Your kindness matters.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/233-surprising-generosity
Sharing a Coupon$My wife and I receive coupons for a particular store biweekly. On our most recent visit to the store, we were in the check-out line and overheard a customer in conversation with the cashier. The customer indicated that she lived too far to go home to retrieve her forgotten 20% off coupon. Any time we go to the store, we always bring all of our coupons just in case! My wife and I made eye contact with one another and she gently placed the coupon on the counter for the customer in front of us and said, "Here you go; use this one." The customer and the cashier were both in awe and thanked us profusely. The customer gave my wife a hug. The cashier thanked us multiple times for "sharing good energy". $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/232-sharing-a-coupon
24p toast$Yesterday, whilst walking the streets at night in Bangkok, I went past three people asking for money from tourists. They looked bored and one looked unwell so as I spotted a toast stall I bought them each a thick slice of toast with honey. They all bowed their heads and put their hands together to say thank you. Such an easy way to make someone's day. ♡ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/231-24p-toast
The Doll Kind: Inspiring Children to be Kind and Give Back$The Doll Kind (TDK) was founded by two moms on a mission: To empower and inspire a generation of children to create a kinder world, one heart at a time. The mom duo creates huggable dolls with heart tokens to share as a random act of kindness. For every doll sold, another is donated to a child less fortunate. The company was founded through an unlikely series of events. Cofounder Victoria Farmer snapped a quick photograph of her daughter after discovering that Anistyn had found herself in a bit of a predicament involving a five-gallon bucket of white paint and five minutes alone. Hours later, Farmer posted the photo to social media and the next day it had gone viral. The photo sparked much debate and criticism. While up one night nursing her newborn, Victoria happened upon a particularly judgmental and cruel string of comments that caught her by surprise. She stopped reading and gazed down at her baby, wondering what he would be like when he grew up. In that moment something struck her, something she always knew to be true, but was of particular importance in that very moment. People aren’t born mean. With that fact in mind and a determination to create a better world for her two children, she was moved to found a children’s company. The company would be one that not only inspired children to maintain their innate sense of kindness into adulthood, but would enable them to share that kindness with others. She spoke with her friend and fellow mom, Jackie Konczol, and less than a month later, they officially founded The Doll Kind. Both moms recognized that in every child’s hands lies the potential to do good and change the world and that children’s toys have a profound effect on their childhood. “It is our hope that we can make the role of being parents a little easier by bringing greater value to playtime,” explained cofounder Jackie Konczol. “That’s why we founded TDK, to harness the power of toys for a good cause.” In this effort, The Doll Kind has created soft, huggable dolls with an extra special mission: To inspire children to be kind and give back. Each doll comes with matching heart tokens or “kind hearts,” tokens with special phrases on them meant to be given as a random act of kindness. By sharing these “kind hearts” with others, children will experience first hand the joy that comes from being kind and giving, and will then be inspired to be kind and give in other ways. “It is these types of experiences that will stick with children and shape their character. We are truly excited to see the fun and creative ways children choose to share their heart tokens and positively affect the lives of others. The ripple effect will be immeasurable.” The two moms note that empowering children to be the positive change needed in the world will build their self-esteems, their sense of worth, and their overall well-being. They believe that all children are good and that we have the responsibility as parents and role models to nurture and encourage this. So how exactly does The Doll Kind work to create a kinder world? It’s simple: First, choose your doll. The Doll Kind dolls are soft and huggable dolls designed to be your child's best friend and companion. They are a symbol for kindness and a reminder to both children and parents to be a force for good. Next, hand out the tokens. Teach your children to give their heart tokens out as an act of kindness. They can leave them with anyone they feel inspired to, in secret or not. The special message imprinted on each token, "Share the Love," will lift spirits and encourage the passing on of this act of kindness. The act of giving out the tokens will inspire your child to do more good and help them grow into charitable and compassionate adults. Lastly, for each doll purchased, The Doll Kind donates a doll to a child less fortunate. Donation sites include orphanages, hospitals, shelters, and more throughout the United States and countries across the world. When asked about the importance of The Doll Kind’s pledge to donate dolls, they had this to say: “As mothers we know that the example we set for our children is of utmost importance. We pledge to donate one doll for every doll purchased so that children around the world, no matter their circumstance, can benefit from our kind mission. By teaching through example, we are able to embody the very values that we wish to instill in our children.” Businesses for social good are sprouting up everywhere. With many benefiting those less fortunate with proceeds such as food and clothing, some might ask, “Why dolls? How much of a difference can it make to donate a doll to a child who doesn’t have much of anything?” The two are quick to respond. “In truth, it can make ALL the difference. We are passionate in our belief that kindness is as essential as food and water.” The co-founders explain that while children in orphanages, shelters, and hospitals are fortunate to be provided with their most basic necessities, having a doll, a companion, is sometimes seen as a luxury. The fact is, toys can nurture a child’s development and lift his or her spirits in incredible ways. It’s a universal truth that kids everywhere love to learn, explore, create, and play. We believe that children everywhere should have these opportunities and that TDK can be instrumental in making this happen. While TDK dolls serve as a friend and companion to children, Victoria and Jackie are even more passionate about what the dolls stand for, and the message they teach children everywhere, regardless of background or circumstance. “We want children around the world and from every walk of life to understand that no matter how much or how little one may have, we can all be kind.” Victoria and Jackie admit that it will take more than a doll and some heart tokens to change the world. They do believe however, that combined with an eager child and parents willing to share their values with their children, The Doll Kind will provide a much-needed catalyst in creating a better, more kind world. View more at www.thedollkind.com $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/230-the-doll-kind-inspiring-children
school speech!$I am a 16 year old girl who is all about kindness! finally decided to conquer my stage fright and  give a kindness speech at school! decided to do a bit of more research and found this website! so happy!!!!!!!   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/229-school-speech
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Canadian French Bulldog Travels to West Virginia to Help Save Dying Man$Hello. I would like to share with you a really inspiring story about a "celebrity" French Bulldog from London, Ontario, Canada famous for his goodwill and philanthropy, that travelled all the way to West Virginia to help save the life of a man dying from end-stage kidney failure.  It's a lovely "feel good" story that is inspiring people to be kind and help those in need even if it means crossing borders to do it. I hope you might share this story with your viewers.  You can watch the video that tells the entire story here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rj5xCFkIDbM Thank you.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/228-canadian-french-bulldog-travels-to
A Heart for Haiti$It is never too late to change the world! During our lives, we cross paths with various individuals. Some linger in our minds, prompting questions that need answers and the need to hear their story tugs at our heartstrings, not allowing us to disengage. I have one of those stories crying out to be told. One that will not let me rest until my mission is complete. It begins with a question. What moves a legally blind, nearly deaf, 97-year-old man with prostate cancer to travel to Haiti to ease the suffering of the poor? As a foot care nurse in Maine, I had the pleasure of meeting Mr. and Mrs. Coleman Gorham from Portland. During my time with them, I learned about their mission work in Haiti. Their kindness and generosity has and still continues to touch the lives of countless people who reside in the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere. As a believer that everything happens for a reason, I feel that I have been chosen to be their ‘storyteller’. The story began 18 years ago. After seeing a video about Haiti and its poor conditions, Coleman Gorham, nicknamed Coley, was compelled to fly to this third-world country to see for himself. He visited orphanages, schools, churches, medical clinics, and the slums of Cite Soleil. He has a vivid memory of being on a school ground where several young children behind a chain-linked fence stood staring at him with their fingers through the wires that separated them from the school. “And I knew what they were thinking”, Coley said with sadness in his voice. “They were thinking… why can’t I go to that school?” This was the very moment when he knew that his mission work in Haiti had just begun. “I could not turn my back on those people”, he stated. As a past educator and a successful building contractor, Coley had the desire, the know-how, and the funds to do multiple projects in Haiti. He began his work there in 1998 and his mission lives on today. His first project began at the St. Joseph’s Orphanage in Port-Au-Prince. With assistance from the Orphanage Manager and a local carpenter, a secured, air-conditioned computer lab with ten computers was designed and completed. He then traveled to Jacmel to complete another orphanage that had been under construction for four years. He also purchased the adjacent lot for the purpose of athletic and recreational activities for the kids. Following the Earthquake in 2010, Coley made major repairs to 108 homes and other structures that were affected by the quake's devastation. All homes received concrete floors to replace the dirt floors along with tin roofs. Coley moved on to Petite Riviere de Nippes, otherwise known as Ti Riviere. The pastor asked Coley if he would build a church on the outskirts of Ti Riviere, in a town called Charlier. Eventually, the St. Charles Church was designed and constructed. The church sits on a high promontory overlooking the Caribbean Sea. Once the church was built, he added a sacristy, a septic system, and a concrete stairway leading up to the front doors from the main road. Coley really wanted to build homes for the poor, so he purchased a large parcel of land for his project. Thirty-three homes were designed and built with high-quality materials which met the hurricane and earthquake specifications. Water purification kits were also provided for each home. In 2014, the families were given the deeds to their homes. A stone wall is now being constructed in front of the property as a landmark for GORHAM VILLAGE. In 2009-2010 the construction of the St. Patrick Community Center in Ti Riviere was under way. As former educators, the Gorham’s wanted to build a specialized school where teens and young adults could learn English by utilizing the Rosetta Stone Computer Software Program. The school was uniquely designed, with a solar system for energy and a creative water cistern system for the kitchen and lavatories. As of today, over 40 young adults have completed the English Program at St. Patrick. During our stay at the school in January, I had the pleasure of meeting many of those students. I couldn’t help but notice the love and gratitude that each and every one of them felt for Coley and his wife Anna. Many of the students came by daily to pay him a visit. Coley was always quick to give a short educational lesson. With great respect, they would gather around him, listening intently to the man they refer to as ‘their father’. Anna, now 90 years old, has not traveled to Haiti recently, but continues to be fully supportive of the mission and the students in Ti Riviere. The Gorham’s are in constant communication with the school administrator, Julio Eugene, via email. When asked how he could give so freely, Coley replied, “I don’t see it as ‘my money’. I am only a designated steward, in charge of distributing funds to the needy.” He recalls a time when he was 8-years-old. His father raffled off a bag of flour at the church bazaar, but after his own name was picked, his father put the flour back into the raffle so that someone else could win it. This surprised young Coley and made a lasting impression on him. Coley said that he’s been in the habit of being thrifty all of his life, a formation of his younger years, when his family were no strangers to hard times. “But” Coley continued, “When it came time to write a check for $25,000, $50,000 or $100,000 for the poor…well, that was easy for me.”  Coley expressed some concern when asked about the future of the school. He had hoped that a Haitian organization would take it over, but after making overtures to two different organizations, he realized that they could not carry out his vision. "If the St. Patrick School is to prosper, it will need a US organization such as a University to take over and install a Peace Corps-type of system; sending motivated college graduates for 2-year tours to teach at the school, especially math and science," he said. Coley would like to see this blueprint replicated in Haiti and throughout the third-world. By utilizing Rosetta Stone, as well as making online courses available such as Kahn Academy, a school like St. Patrick would require fewer teachers. The Gorhams laughed when asked how their mission had personally affected them. “We have grabbed the tail of a tiger,” stated Coley, “and for fear that it might devour us, we have not dared to let it go.” Although the Gorhams have no regrets, they would like to perpetuate the vision that began many years ago. “We would like our mission, along with other like-missions, to continue to spread throughout Haiti,” he said. Coley would like to tell the world that here in the United States, and other affluent countries, we have no awareness of the hardship and poverty in countries such as Haiti. Without seeing is without knowing; without knowing, one can never fully comprehend the magnitude of poverty and desperation. He truly believes that if more individuals would travel to Haiti and see for themselves, it would have a profound impact on the way they see the world. When this story is printed Coleman Gorham will be 98 years old and still hanging on to the tiger’s tail AND to the hope for the people of Haiti. Jeanne Otis, RN Foot Care Nurse 207-660-3465 jeannesfootcare@yahoo.com $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/227-a-heart-for-haiti
Challenge(s) Accepted!$So, for so long I've been trapped in this inertia bubble! And last week I join a challenge. One of my friends posted it on facebook and I wanted to be part of it. And it ends today (https://waterchallenge-walk-2016.everydayhero.com/au/let-s-walk-for-water). I was here at the lab (a story for another day) and I was scrolling down on my facebook feed and I saw this article: http://goo.gl/VyRBUI . And that was pretty it. I immediately wanted to do something, commit to something kind! So I immediately post it on facebook with the following text: "I'm challenging myself and I want to bring you in this journey, with me. And of course, I'm challenging you! Let's start with 365 days of kindness. Let's break out from this comfort zone, let's do something. Let's do things just because. Let's be kind. Be randomly better." Let's see if I can do it. Let's see if you join me! So, let's do it. Let's commit to it! I know it's not a new idea (check out https://goo.gl/HhMfT8 or https://goo.gl/Xo5NDg). I know that it's not a big deal, but it can be and I want to do it! And searching for the videos I wanted to share with you I (finally) found one that inspired me some time ago (https://goo.gl/tbyqFp).  And I will mix together two challenges, kindness and thank you. Because It's never to late to be kind or to thank someone :) Today starts my journey of 365 day of kindness and thanks.  Just remember, kindness inspires kindness, so don't stop! I'll try to post something new everyday, with the kind story, the thanks of the day or something else to inspire your kindness. So, let's change the world, one kind act at a time! Rosa F. Brissos $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/226-challenge-s-accepted
Mission 1: Macaroni Salad$ I was recently looking on Random Acts of Kindness's Facebook page, and I found the coolest thing... Sneaky Cards! I loved the idea of spreading kindness, after all I am a RAKtivist!     The next day, my mom and I went to Kohl's and got them! I shuffled the deck and  pulled out a card. It said to try a new food! My mom said she would cook macaroni salad!    The suspense was in, I tried it..., and it tasted great! I loved all the ingredients in the Macaroni salad! I was amazed! The next day we went to Putt-Putt Funhouse, because the card said after you try it, give this card to someone near you! Because my family didn't want it, I hid it at  Putt Putt!   To all my fellow RAKTVISTS out there, be as kind as you can today and peace out! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/224-mission-1-macaroni-salad
Listening to the Spirit$I was at the gas station with my wife and daughter in the car. While pumping gas, a woman at a pump near me gave her son $20 to get $5 worth of gas. When he came back without any change, the woman was upset. I heard her tell her son that the $15 in change was all that they had left. I had some RACK (Random Acts of Christian Kindness) envelopes in my arm rest and I asked my wife to give one to the lady. When my wife opened the envelope, there wasn't anything in it. The envelope was one we referred to as "unleaded," meaning you had to put something in it. My wife put some money in the envelope and walked over and gave the woman the envelope. She was very appreciative after being a little apprehensive at first. When my wife came back to the car, she didn't feel quite like she had done enough so she went back to the lady before she pulled off and gave her some additional cash. To show how God works, the lady walked up to my wife a few weeks later at my daughter's track meet and spoke to her and hugged her like they had been friends for a long time. She really appreciated what we had done and promised that she would pay it forward for someone else. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/223-listening-to-the-spirit
Simplifying the Hunger Problem$On the corner near our complex stood a homeless man in the pouring rain, asking for food. He saw my lunch box in my back seat and asked if there was anything left in it that I would give him. Instead, I drove to the nearest fast-food place and bought him a meal. No person should go hungry. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/222-simplifying-the-hunger-problem
Roadside Help$Last Saturday I was at my daughter's volleyball tournament. We had to move to another venue and as I went out to my vehicle, I noticed two other vehicles nose to nose, blocking a lane before a blind turn. I directed one car around them safely, then asked the owner of the disabled vehicle what was wrong. His jumper cables weren't working. I took my jump-pack out and hooked it up. Immediately the vehicle started and he was on his way. He was frustrated that he was blocking traffic and thanked me repeatedly as did the other driver. This situation took literally three minutes to resolve. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/218-roadside-help
Peddling Christmas Kindness$I was in Target near Christmas and it was packed with shoppers. Everyone seemed to be agitated, probably due to the holiday struggle for purchases on little funds. A woman in front of me was using money she had gotten by returning gifts given to her to purchase a bike for her daughter. At some point on the way to the register, she had lost some of the loose cash in her pocket. She was devastated. All she wanted was to provide her daughter with a bike for Christmas. The clerk behind the register tried to pawn her off on to her manager as she couldn't pay for the bike. I intervened and asked if I could pay for the remainder of what she owed. The clerk didn't know what to say. I handed her cash without waiting for a reply. The woman turned around crying and hugged me. I didn't care what the bike cost. All I cared was that mother was able to bring that bike home to her little girl. I can make more money; I have it to share to help others. It makes all the difference in the world. No matter what situation anyone is in, kindness matters. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/217-peddling-christmas-kindness
Trying one of the Ideas!$Today I woke up as happy as Mickey Mouse. Why was I so happy? I was going to try a kindness ideas! I was going to try appreciate your teachers! (Thank you Kelsey!) So when I got to school I decided to tell my homeroom teacher, Mrs.Maloney, that I appreciate her! I loved the smile she had on her face when I said that. It was amazing! Then I decided to tell Mrs.Flahaut that I appreciate her! I was nervous at first, but when I did she said "Thank you" in a very nice voice! It gave me such a happy feeling! Tomorrow I will try a different idea, but for now, Peace out! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/214-trying-one-of-the-ideas
RAK 1!$Today I felt happy today!    First, my day started out pretty bad. I got a 73 on my science learning checkpoint! A 73! I was also a little to excited today! My teacher, Mrs.    Maloney told me to be quiet three times! But it all turned around when I went to Mrs.Flahaut's class! Lunch had been minorly altered today, but Mrs.Flahaut thought it was at 10:56! (It was actually at 11:56.) As soon as I told her she said thank you, and that made my day! But it wasn't done yet. The act of kindness came back to me! One of my friends, Victoria, Helped my headphones untangle when they were tangled! It warmed my heart. So, To all my fellow RAKtvists in training, have a good night!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/213-rak-1
Mother to Mother$I was on my layover at an Arizona airport when I decided to take advantage of the time to do a diaper change for my son. As I entered the restroom, the changing table was being used by a young mother who was changing her infant daughter's diaper. I could tell the baby girl had a bad diaper rash, but I didn't really want to pry. I wasn't sure if or how the mother was handling it. When she saw that I was waiting with my son, she was kind enough to scoot over to give me some room so I could change my son. Then she asked if by any chance I had any diaper cream. I told her that I did, and the relief on her face was priceless. When she was done, she handed it back to me and I told her to keep it. I told her I could get some more where I was going. She was extremely grateful and it felt good to do something nice for a fellow mother and a little baby. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/212-mother-to-mother
Cuties for Kindness$Have you ever had your coffee paid in the drive-thru by the person in front of you? Have you received a letter that told you to have a great day with some cute lollipops taped to the notes? It all started on a Monday night, although my best friend Emily and I had been wanting to do this for awhile now. We wanted to do random acts of kindness anonymously. We go to a small college and wanted to put a smile on the faces of our peers and to hopefully make their day. The reason why we both wanted to do this is because we believe that everyone should have a good day. By doing small random acts of kindness around campus, we know we are making people happy in some sort of way. Emily and I started to plan out our ideas of what we wanted to do. This week we are going to do trial runs for our acts of kindness. Last night we decided to put some money into a ziplock bag with a note saying "Treat yourself to a snack. -Cuties for Kindness." We taped the bag and note to a vending machine within our dorm building. We wanted to see the reactions of people that walked by to see who would take the ziplock bag when. We watched many people see the bag of money but not take it, buying food from the vending machine with their own money. There were two girls who saw and said that it was cute. Then finally someone came into the building and took the money, but it turned out to be Emily's roommate. Emily and I talked about it and thought of other random acts of kindness we could do. We plan on doing small acts of kindness this week and then doing an entire week of ideas next and see how our college community reacts to what we are doing. Keeping in mind that we want to keep everything anonymous, we had to think of a name to sign off the cards and notes with. Emily came up with "Cuties for Kindness" and we both loved it. What I want to see from Cuties for Kindness is making people happier and encouraging others to do random acts of kindness as well. If Cuties for Kindness becomes a big thing on campus, Emily and I would love to start an organization/club on campus where we do random acts of kindness for the campus and even the community to spread awareness of being kind. But in order for us to do that, we have to start small and then we can make it into something big. At the end of the day, Cuties for Kindness wants to have students and faculty on campus receive small random acts of kindness to make their day a better day. Out goal is to make people happy and to know that there are still people in the world who care. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/211-cuties-for-kindness
Calculating Kindness$In my home town of Harare, Zimbabwe, there is quite a large divide between the rich and poor. While in one area you see the wealthy splurging on expensive cars and homes, in another you bear witness to many impoverished people struggling to feed their family and pay fees to send their children to school. A few days ago I was at the store with my mother and, as we were walking down an aisle, a man with a perplexed look on his face was eyeing a section of calculators. He turned to us and said, "Which one is the best scientific calculator?" I pointed out the one I thought was best and he thanked me. I looked at the price tag and said, "It's only $11. That's a fair price, because it's really good!" He responded, "Oh, is that a fair price? Okay. Thank you." After a bit of conversation, we learned that he was buying it for his son who had important examinations coming up later in the year. His son had been a straight A student but was struggling in mathematics because he didn't have this one essential tool. Thinking we had assisted, my mother and I moved on. We were still in the aisle, but had moved further away. I glanced back and noticed that, as soon as we had left, the man turned and was now walking towards the exit. It was obvious that he could not afford the $11 calculator his son so desperately needed. We were on a budget with our shopping but I asked my mother, "Quick! Please, may I have $11? I'll pay you back at home!" Without hesitation, she gave me the money. I ran full speed to catch the man before he disappeared, off on his journey which would likely end in him arriving home to his eager son only to crush his excitement because he couldn't purchase the item which was so greatly needed. I caught up and said "Hey, I'll pay for you." Financial kindness in Zimbabwe is rare because frankly, money is hard to come by and hard to maintain, as the economy is not very strong. He was in complete and utter disbelief. He asked me four times, "Are you serious?! Are you sure?!" I assured him quickly, "Yes, let's go to the till." When we got there, I looked into the man's eyes; they were slightly watery and he couldn't stop smiling and fidgeting. I paid and he was so grateful. He asked me for my number so he can message me one day to tell me how the exam goes. I gave him my name and number, we hugged, and he was on his way. This story is about small scale influence. This act of kindness hasn't changed the world, however it may have altered the entire trajectory of that young boy's life. Without that calculator, there's no way he would have passed a high-level mathematics examination. Now that he has it, even though he may still fail, it's wonderful to know that he has been given the opportunity at least. He has been given the opportunity to achieve, to excel, and truly reach his full potential as a student. Who knows where he may end up one day all because a stranger bumped into his father and purchased a calculator for him. Thank you for reading. Have a happy and compassion filled day! Love, Andile :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/209-calculating-kindness
Muffins of Kindness$Our family friend is 13 and has cancer. Although the neighborhood families have a huge collection going around, my family and I have not donated as my husband had suggested that we "do our own thing". With this personal connection and mission in mind,  I immediately ran to a sporting good store to buy him a pompom hat and matching fuzzy socks. I have also been letting them borrow my copies of movies for them to watch during chemo. I've been making homemade desserts and bringing them by with a note every week. I have gotten so many thank you texts from my friend and she has said that they are "spoiled" by me! We are not the best of friends, but we are close at times. I truly love Ethan. He's a year younger than my son and he could use as much help as possible to feel better. When I went last week to his house, I had such a great and happy conversation with Ethan. He thanked me for EVERYTHING. I felt great. It made me so glad that I could make him feel a little better and I told him that the thanks was not necessary. He smiled as I looked at his hairless head and his thinking body. I realize that if I can put a smile on his face during the hardest times of his young life, I could change the world one mini banana chocolate chip muffin at a time. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/208-muffins-of-kindness
RAK FRIDAY!$In November of 2014, with the help of family and friends, I started RAK Friday in my town! The goal of RAK Friday was to transform "Black Friday" into RAK Friday with people committing as many Random Acts of Kindness as possible. We created a Facebook page for people to share their RAKs. On that one day in 2014, over 1,000 RAKs were shared! We continued our mission this past year in 2015 and we have no plans of stopping until people forget about BLACK FRIDAY and begin to refer to the day after Thanksgiving as RAK FRIDAY! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/207-rak-friday
A packed line in the grocery store:  "twas the 4th of July -$And all through the grocery store, people were laughing and shopping, being jolly and bright. When what to my wandering eyes did appear, a gently aged man, looking left, looking right. "What's wrong", I did ask. He looked confused, embarrassed, quite red in the face.  " Let me back up.  Forgot my wallet. Needed ice cream for kids who just ran in the race."  I smiled and said " No need to return that back to on the rack.   Let me pay, oh please. I need a chance to offer a little pay back."  The weekend flew by with parties galore. I never thought twice of the man at the store. Again it was Monday. I was tired and sore. After vacation, work tends to be a real bore.  The week of the 4th, jotted down in my journal. No mention of the man or anything abnormal.  It was later that month that a co-worker reported of a man who came in and left with a dash. Made sure I was there then left in a hurry. Muttering something about " give this to the gal who helped  a forgetful man in need of some cash". I know that acts of kindness are offered without the expectation of receiving anything but the satisfaction of making a difference to somebody in a bright way. I really wanted to tell of this story because his act of kindness meant so much to me.  I never expected anything back. He relentlessly asked for my name or address so he could give me the money back.  What he left was a rolled up, of what appeared to be poster paper.  As I unfurled the roll of poster paper this gentle man had left me, he had spent his time sketching him as a child with a wonderful paragraph describing the details in the sketch and why he had added them.. In the little boy's hand, he had cut out a place to attach the money for the ice cream. He didn't leave a name and I never got his.  I wish I had to thank him. I He will never know that this gift is priceless and will last a great bit longer than his ice cream did. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/206-a-packed-line-in-the
Valentine's Gift$On Valentines Day, we had a couple come to the restaurant I work at, screaming about how we had stolen their credit card because they had left a bad review of their experience there. We calmly tried to explain how we could not and did not, but they would not go away until the police came. Even though we were innocent, my boss got really discouraged. But then one of our regulars came in with flowers, a card, and a cupcake for "the best restaurant in town." All the stress of the night was worth it to see my boss' smile. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/205-valentines-gift
Motivating Quotes$For Random Acts of Kindness Day, my school's LEO club put note cards with motivational quotes on them in as many lockers as we could. We found a few of the cards scattered around the floors, but we were suprised to find that most were actually circulating the school. Even a few months later, my club advisor saw one of her students using one as a bookmark. She asked the student why she used it as such and the girl replied, "It makes me happy to see it every day!" The simple fact that our actions brought smiles to people's faces made me extremely happy. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/204-motivating-quotes
Lessons in Grieving$I became a very quiet 10.5-year-old little girl after my father passed away from a heart attack in his sleep. I was emotionally shocked and very short in conversation. My Mexican family culture taught me to not talk about my father's death, nor how to work through grieving the loss. I was daddy's little girl; how could he had left me!? Why!? I'm the youngest of thirteen siblings, all of whom were born and raised in Mexico. But after my father passed, the family could no longer make ends meet and had to migrate to California, into Monterey County, known as the agricultural salad bowl of America. I started my new life there in sixth grade, learning about a new culture in a language I didn't speak, without the financial stability that most families in the district seemed to possess. I was teased and bullied for my differences, including wearing hand me downs from the Salvation Army. All I wanted was to be accepted and for others to live out the lessons my father had tried to instill in me: be respectful to everyone and respect others the way you'd like to be respected. He taught me to stick to my values saying, "When you are older you'll understand; always greet others as you pass them by. You never know what they are going through and your smile may bring the joy they need." This is still a roller coaster of emotions I fight in my heart, but as an adult now, I practice his lessons daily. Every morning when I get to the school where I work, I make sure that I greet every person that passes by with a smile in loving memory of my father, Nicolas Serrato Naranjo, of Michoacan, Mexico. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/203-lessons-in-grieving
An act of love.$.About two years ago I was l living at a homeless shelter and had been raped by one of the male residents who had started stalking me after I'd told someone what he'd done. There were some psychology stud err nuts from the local college who were there doing free counseling for college credits. After I told them what has happened, they let me sit at their table so he wouldn't ever sitting anywhere alone. I will never forget that ! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/202-an-act-of-love
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Project: Supermarket$The conventional view of kindness is for one person to be kind to another, but not all acts of kindness are one way; sometimes in an act of generosity or kindness, we both win and the world becomes a tiny bit brighter and warmer. Living in modern times is not always a picnic. For all the modern conveniences, such as planet-wide communications and little luxuries, the world can be a cold and lonely place. It was certainly true for me, despite living in the tropics and having every material possession, I was lonely: the sort of loneliness that had me checking my emails and social sites for any trace of contact from a friend or even an acquaintance. I craved outreach with anybody really, just to feel that I was connected in some way to somebody. I guess I'm lucky because I don't tend to sit and ruminate when I’m feeling miserable. Rather, I'm the sort that is levered out of his chair and driven out into the world, which is a good start. But, of course, people are generally suspicious of the motives of a stranger who just walks up and starts talking. For those of us who are relaxed and outgoing, this sort of thing is undoubtedly no problem, but for that 90 % that are more lacking in the social graces, it can be a daily mountain that is too steep to climb.  That is where supermarkets come in (you were wondering where this was going, weren’t you?). Supermarkets are the home of that most effective of icebreakers: shared goals. It turned out to be so easy: every time I found myself standing next to someone at the isles, I would simply talk to them about what we were buying and why. I had a great conversation with a fellow about chili sauce and how it was the missing ingredient in spaghetti bolognese. I found a nice lady to help me pick the best and most ripe bananas and chatted about how fruit was so easy to get and of good quality here in Australia; she spoke of how hard it was when she was growing up in Europe after the war.  My daughter and I got some great advice from a teenage girl who turned out to be an expert on cheesecakes; the girls ended up sharing fond reminiscences about great cheesecakes that they have met. Many people have tattoos around here and I have yet to meet someone who doesn’t want to tell the story behind the ink. And imagine my surprise when I found out the lady with an Indian accent actually turned out to be from Bangladesh.  Cashiers have been added into the mix now, too. They have to ask me how I am as part of their job, but I don’t have to reply, "I’m fine, thanks,” in a dutiful monotone. Instead, I ask them how the shift is going, and what they would be doing if they weren’t working a 9-day roster.  I thought that people would be reluctant to talk, and a few are, but for the most part, it has been ridiculously easy. Most people have been all too happy to stop and chat. If I didn’t know better, I could almost believe that other people are also lonely and aching for the world to see them as human-beings rather than just moveable scenery. I realize that this idea of chatting with people in the supermarket seems so simple. Maybe it is, but for a small moment in time I have made contact with a fellow traveler and punched a hole in the bubble of isolation so easily felt around us. For that moment, we can be our best, our most witty and engaged, knowing that we can enjoy the moment and then simply let it go. Perhaps it isn’t much in the scheme of things, but I know that nowadays, more often than not, I’m walking away with a smile on my face and life is just a little bit happier on my journey; maybe theirs, too. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/201-project-supermarket
Honoring Mom's Lessons$I had something really great happen back in November. I was in 7-11 getting a $2 cup of coffee and I overheard a young lady, holding her son, talking about having to get him something for lunch for school. She was scrambling trying to find something somewhat healthy for her little boy. At that time I had been thinking about my mom because it was her birthday. I thought about some rough times when my sister and I were younger; we struggled financially and she worked as hard as she could to raise us and keep our family alive and happy. The woman was in front of me when I went to check out and when the cashier rang her up, she didn't have enough money to pay for an orange juice and a box of Lunchables, so she went to set them back on the shelf. I stopped her and asked her if I could please pay for her. She thanked me and said, "God bless you!" I did this in honor of my mom. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/200-honoring-moms-lessons
Creating Community$I am a senior in the MSU Denver Industrial Design program. My senior thesis is based on sharing and building community right at home through gardening and sharing with each other. People are very busy and move often, causing some to feel disconnected with where they live. A small hub that allows one to garden and share books may help connect each other, inspire passerbys to participate, and help open up the potential that lies in all of us within our community. I have a test prototype built in my front yard now in the Clayton neighborhood of Denver. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/199-creating-community
You only got one mum$I suppose the idea behind joining this community is to  hear from Amazing people all Over the world and their amazing acts! I rather not getting any credit by what I consider is normal To Do as a human being,and being kid is one of those qualities .anyhow, I am a carer for my mother who was diagnosed with schizophrenia over 12 years ago, and it has been tough going, to Look after her and try maintain the family armony as well as my own mental health balance! But it's just worth every moment, because eh oh, although I wouldn't want my kids to have to Look after me after similar circumstances, I think for them to see what I do for My mum, is valuable As human beings abdication can go On! Because I always thought that whatever they choose to do with their Lives, they will, but if I Ain't not about, I love them to live their mum as much as I love mine! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/198-you-only-got-one-mum
Hug Mobs$Hug mobs are 10 minutes of free hugs given o anyone who would like to receive one. It is fun! You can make extra signs or t-shirts for people to spontaneously join in. So far I have gone to several different communities in Cincinnati to offer this RAK. It is wonderful to give someone a hug who hasn't been hugged in years. I've learned a lot about accepting others and how to show kindness to everyone, even people who do not want to be hugged. It has helped my compassion to grow and provide a moment of happiness to many others. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/197-hug-mobs
My sister is kind$My sister is one of the most rarest person I know since she is so kind, believes in true love, always has hope, stays so positive and never gives up. I have seen her do so many acts of kindness to others around her where ever we go. As there is no such thing as a small act of kindness is ever wasted. I cant quite put this into words to to describe my unselfish little 15 year old sister, she always puts others before her self, always see's the good in people no matter who/what they have done and she will not judge someone base on what they look like or what she has heard about others. I am grateful for my sister, she looks out for others and gives advice to others to make them feel better. If I am being honest has changed people's life's like literally she has saved quite a lot of people from killing themselves. She always ask if everyone is okay, she ask what their side of the story is and she ask what their opinion is. She wants to make the world a better place and she wants everyone to get along. Ellen Degeneres is my sisters idol as they are so alike in many ways, the would rather give than receive and my sister doesn't really get to be knowledge of her simple but big act of kindness. She is the type of person who stops to hold the door open for a teacher with her hands full, the one who offers their seat to an elderly passenger and the one who makes others smile even when she is not so happy herself. When she walks into the room, she makes everyone smile, like she is not an attention seeking person but because she is so kind she is sometimes called 'the Good Samaritan' or the 'rare wise child'. She remind everyone how much the world can change if anyone did a simple act of kindness, she inspires hope and generosity with her actions as much as words. My sister and I haven't had the best year last year, when we found out a few people in the family have cancer. My sister felt so bad she sent a message every morning saying a sweet good morning message to our family members since a couple of them lives overseas in America. After school every week, my sister ask all the teachers she has had for each subject that day, if they need any help with anything or sends them an email telling them how much she appreciates the time they put in for teaching her and I think that is so sweet. She speaks in such a kind way about others, even if someone had done her wrong she doesn't care she will give them so many chances and like to see the good in people, since you shouldn't judge someone based on their past. I notice every now and again she sends a good morning message to some of her friends on Facebook, specially when she is procrastinating on her homework she will type up a thank you letter to her friends and make a little thank you basket for them full of goodies. Twice a year we both give away clothes we don't need or clothes that the less fortunate child do not have and we put these huge bags full of clothes in these charity bins. She compliments someone's appearance or if something isn't so confident in something and she knows they have put in all the effort they could, she makes sure they are proud of what they have done. When people are gossiping, she doesn't quite like that so she says something positive and changes the situation into something good. She forgives people quite easily and doesn't bring up the issue again as she likes to live in the present not the past. We visit our Nonna once a week, we help her garden, cook a lot of pasta and take her to the cemetery to visit our Grandfather who passed away before my sister was born. One thing I always notice is that my sister is very patient and grateful unlike myself. When she only has one piece of food and someone has no food she is the type of person who will give that up for them, as those who have less give more. My sister loves to volunteer and she is only 15!!! She has volunteered at Day Camp, Redfest, Lamsonic (MP Andrew Laming), the Paniyiri Greek festival, primary school fete, World Vision (40 hour famine) and a retirement village just to name a few. She has also involved herself in more charities, fundraisers and fun runs in Queensland, Australia. I love fundraising, helping the community and lending a hand to someone in need.  In primary school my sister got bullied very badly from the age of 9 to the age of 12 by the other kids in the grade since she was different but everyone is different. Everyone is weird you just need to learn to embrace the weirdness. The bullying finally stopped and she became herself, friendly, nice, outgoing, bubbly and confident. By the end of 7th grade, she was known as the nicest person in the grade who had the biggest boobs. In September this year she is hopefully looking forward to go on a mission trip to help out those who are less fortunate in Cambodia, Asia to help English in school, work in the cafe, do some general maintenance and visit a local village. My family and I are a very privilege family who are grateful for everything, my sister loves travelling since we travel a lot, she is so grateful but she don't like talking about where we have been as she feels bad for people who haven't been anywhere at all.  She believes if you got more time to live, would you start living your life more that you should always live your life no matter how long you have to live. If you had a choice of unlimited money or unlimited happiness, money doesn't buy happiness, true happiness with standing with the ones you love. She always believes  love never dies, it never goes away, it never fades as long as you hang onto it so the same is with kindness. I hang out with my sister since she makes me happy, who make me feel like everything is okay because it is going to be okay in the end, in not so many words, if you can't find someone who is nice, be nice. My sisters top seven rules to live happier would have to be to always forgive, do good, love yourself, don't harm anyone, don't care what people think, stand up for yourself and always be positive. My sister also believes kindness is when you see the worst in someone and still see the best in them by over looking their weight, height, their past and age. One of my sisters friends, who she has been friends with for a few years  got told he had a Brian tumour on the left side. She felt so bad about this, since this guy really end liked her but she wanted to wait to get into a relationship. She decided to make a fundraising page for her friend, she put some money towards it and donating the $5,000 towards her friends recovery, the total was raised in less than a week and I am so proud of her.  When she was little she use to believe she could live to 152 and now science say that they are finding out a way for us to live to 110. If you had a chance to live longer, would you take it?  Firstly she said she would so she could have more time to live her life. she asked herself the same question again and thought about it. You should be living your life every day, make the most of your life, be happy with your loved ones and always being positive no matter what. For an example, if you got told you had 2 more years to live, you would want to make each day count and live your life. In my sisters words, you should be celebrating each second you live on this earth and be grateful for the days you are here. The purpose of life is to explore, create, to find purpose,  to always live in the moment and to inspire. If skydiving makes you happy, do it. If watching your favourite TV show makes you happy, do it. If you are happy being with your friends and family, do it. I am not scared of dying, I am scared that when I die, I am afraid that I didn't live my life enough. Don't waste a second thinking what if, change those 'what if's' to 'I did it' by always living your life to the fullest.  My sister is the type of person who see's someone in need of help and will help someone without being ask too, by looking at her Facebook profile you can see she shares a lot of post of others helping homeless people and basically a lot of positive pictures.  My sister has a few quotes she like to say daily to herself, 'be kind to one another', 'smile, because you might be funsize', 'I am short because I am funsize'. She can be mature most times, but immature when it comes to being a child, she is my sister who is a good but very deep and weird but is developed to love and not hurt people. One thing is always tells others is she is almost positive we weren't put on Earth to go to School and get jobs, someone made that up to distract us from our actual purpose. My sister goes out of her way to help others in need. My sister is a KIND Person by  performing extraordinary act of kindness and demonstrated a selfless commitment to others. She is an individual who has acted with humanity to impact another person’s life by making the world a better place. I wanted to nominate my sister to encourage everyone to be just like her and give give rather than receive.  She has stepped outside of her social circle/every day routine to do simple a simple act of kindest for others. She has made a tangible impact through a recent and extraordinary act of kindness. Sometimes people do notice my sisters act of kindness but no one really rewards her for doing so. She embodies the value of empathy by demonstrating the ability to understand and share the feeling of another and connects easily to others. She cannot stay angry at someone for too long and she like to forgive. She has demonstrated the ability to understand and share the feelings of another, and noticeably channeled that ability to connect and create community. When my sister is older she wants to be a therapist and help others by giving advice. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/196-my-sister-is-kind
alarmist!$We replaced our next door neighbour carbon monoxide alarm. It started ringing out randomly on a daily basis.  Marie is an elderly lady with a hearing aid but she has quite an independent streak. We finally managed to get her to answer the door and gained enough trust to get the alarm fixed. Once the initial hurtle broken down, we fixed her TV channel settings too!\r    \n $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/195-alarmist
Hailey Omer$Whoever decided to write these negative comments about Hailey Omer on the Dirty (and I know who you are) you are insecure, and obviously jealous of her. The fact that all of you have to write negative comments about her show that you are insecure and ready to fuel your low self-esteems by blasting a person you barely know. I am Hailey's best friend. She is not a stripper, she does not have herpes, she is not a drug addict, she is not crazy; she is a beautiful, real woman. You judge someone you don't even know and I know her and I see who she is. She is a person, just like all of you. And if I were to post negative stuff about each of you, you all would be hurt and there would be plenty of things for me (if I knew your lives) to trash talk about. So why would you do this to someone else? obviously your self esteem was low. The person who made this post used to be close to Hailey. We are adults, act like it, and stop judging. I am in Hailey's life and I will always be. I adore her, I look up to her, she is beautiful and intelligent. I know her. You do Not. When I read these posts I see JEALOUSY AND INSECURITY in its most blatant degree. Have a heart and understand that we can all trash each other till we are blue in the face, and then what have you contributed to the world and to yourself? NOTHING, ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. You all look sad for doing this and she is the bigger person. Hailey Omer you are gorgeous, wonderful, understanding, smart, funny, and I love you. You are a exemplary human and exceed at everything you do. You are talented and most of all you have got heart. I will stick up for you till the end. We are Satan sisters forever and I actually took the time to see who you were and are. I honor you and bless you. Ladies, don't be jealous, it is funny to me that you are looking her up online to even find negative posts about her. You can blast her all day to feel better about yourselves and when you leave your computer (NEWS FLASH) you still are who you are and that will never change no matter how much you mock someone else. In fact, it makes you look worse. I love you Hailey ! and I bless you and am here for you. I think you are beautiful, so beautiful and are a wonderful model as well. You are talented and full of life. A vivacious, sexy fairy whom I adore. You are a God and these people are obviously peons as they sit and glorify you with their comments. Bless you, honor you, I love you the most beautiful girl in the world Hailey Omer.Hail Satan.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/194-hailey-omer
Cedric's Mission$Everyday I like to go for a surf before work at my local surf spot, Bondi Beach in Sydney. The area is always busy with people exercising, walking, surfing, and swimming. The other day as I was stretching, I noticed an old chap walking along, plastic bag in hand, slowly walking towards me as he stopped every few metres to pick up some trash and put it in the bag. I stood there observing him until he saw me, at which point I had no choice; I had to go over and say thank you for caring for our beach, for taking the time to pick up what others have left. Cedric, I learned, has been doing this for a few years now. "Well, when you reach my age you have to find things to do to keep busy. I love the beach, and I need to be active. So why not do something worthwhile whilst I'm taking my walk?" He went on to tell me that a few other people have followed suit and told him that he was the inspiration they needed to get started. He receives regular hugs from the locals who have gotten to know him over the years, their first conversation starting the way ours did. He also picks up several beach toys on his walk, and then leaves them by the kiddie pool at the end of the beach. He also leaves a stack of cuttlefish bones by the showers as a treat for anyone that has a pet bird. "I'll see you around," he said, as he trundled on his way to the next piece of discarded trash. "You can bet on it, Cedric," I said as I ran into the surf with a smile that would last the rest of the week. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/193-cedrics-mission
Boomcast's Ripples$A year ago it dawned on me that social media platforms had taken a bad turn. Everywhere I looked, it was all just pictures of people’s lunch, meaningless selfies, and depressing news. I realized that I was wasting so much time scrolling down countless feeds viewing content that served no purpose. It was unbearable! It wasn’t until I came across my favorite quote, “Don’t hate, create!” when something triggered in my mind. The world needs a new social platform to inspire positive change. I wanted to see a social network where users shared inspiring stories, genuine passions, and connect with other organizations to help create positive change. This is how Boomcast was born. Fast forward a year later and my team of eight have created an iOS app that focuses on inspiring content and passionate users. One of the biggest blessings I’ve received recently was when a new random user told me that, “Boomcast has the potential to heal the world.” This gave me goosebumps. “How exactly?” I asked. The user continued to say that when she downloaded Boomcast for the first time, she saw a quote which read, “If you want to see a better change in this world, start changing your own perspective.” At the time, she just got out of hospital and was feeling incredibly sorry for herself. She saw this quote and it naturally made her feel great. She then shared joy with her husband, who went to work that day and projected his happiness on his colleagues. All of a sudden, a ripple effect formed! It’s with these small positivities and inspiring stories that create beautiful ripples that have potential to heal the world. Are you an individual or organization with an inspiring story and mission to share? If so, we’d love to collaborate. Boomcast hopes to help heal the world one broadcast at a time. Join the cause and download our app: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/boomcast-new-social-network/id921746000?mt=8 Milly Toovey, CEO and co-founder of Boomcast milly@boomcastapp.com $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/192-boomcasts-ripples
Wishing Good Fortune$Before Christmas, my son and I played Santa's elves and it was so fun! We bought a bunch of lottery tickets and placed each one in a Christmas card with a note that said, "Sending love and wishing you good fortune this Christmas! From: Your Neighbor." Then at midnight we dressed more like ninjas, rather than elves, and left the cards on random people's porches throughout the neighborhood. I have no idea if anyone won, but if it put a smile on someone's face, that's the least I hoped for! Perhaps it helped to restore faith in humanity just a tad. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/191-wishing-good-fortune
We Stopped Doing Anything$Earth gives us life. The human beings that appreciate it, care for it and love it each and every day deserve our planet's life and what it provides us with to live. The human beings that don't appreciate the life, let the Co2 burn holes in the ocean and kill millions of animals,  skin creatures that live here with us, sharing our life, Earth gives us do not deserve this planet or their own lives. It may sound so terrible, but think of it this way. Earth let's us breathe, Earth gives us food, water, shelter and natural beauty. If someone wants to kill that natural beauty and take what they have for granted, they don't deserve their own lives! Never take what you have for granted, because it could all be gone.  There are thousands of ways to deserve Earth, but really, you can't do anything to deserve what Earth provides us with. If you care for It, love it, appreciate it with all your heart then maybe you do! If you have already worked or managed a factory that pumps Carbon Dioxide into the air which is absorbed by the oceans, or if you have gone hunting and killed something that shares harmony with us, breathes the same air we breathe, then...there is no way to make it up to our planet, to Mother Nature. The minute a life is lost, forgiveness is out of the question. I am not spiritually connected to Earth, I don't claim to know what our planet is saying, no one really knows that, but I can feel the happiness and content feeling that flows throughout everything around me and I do know that if I was Earth and someone killed or even doesn't care about the life that I gave them so trustingly, I would not ever forgive them. But there are ways to help our planet not deteriorate so rapidly!  I have many ideas and options for anyone and everyone who reads this! A guide book. The only thing that really, really matters to Earth and to really help is to just take care of the life around you, appreciate it and don't ever take for granted what you have! That helps like you wouldn't believe. Buuuuttt....... if everyone did just that and people cared, our reefs wouldn't be dying, animals wouldn't be extinct and creatures all over our world wouldn't be on the endangered list at all, trees would be growing from the biggest of roots and the healthiest of soil instead of being firewood or just cut down to make room and space for another factory with more destructive chemicals, the sky's wouldn't be dirty and smog filled, no room for the sun or clean air to be breathed in. If everyone cared and it was that simple, Earth wouldn't be dying right now! Imagine, 50 years ago this wasn't even science fiction. What did we do? We didn't do anything. That's just it! We stopped doing anything. We stopped caring! I have only been around for 11 years and 4 months, but I have already seen and heard up close and personal what's going on and who is destroying our planet! The horrible, sickening, stone cold truth? It's not one person, it's every person. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/190-we-stopped-doing-anything
Personal Experiences with the Destroying Process of Earth $I just want to go over some personal experiences that have happened with me with Earth deteriorating! I told you about the time when I went to the beach and discovered the oil and how everything was dying, but I have had other experiences. One time, when I did go to the beach again, I went down and I was excited to go watch the seals from Mo's and the beach right there, but... when I got down there, I saw the most horrific thing ever. When I was little, I used to love to go down to the beach and our beach house and go to Mo's and that beach right in front of the restaurant/gift store and watch the seals and sea lions interact and make noises and play on the sand. It was like a tradition! When we went... not only was the beached incredibly trashed, but the seal lions and seals had plastic around their necks and the birds that always made us laugh were choking, trying to swallow garbage! It was horrific and one of my many wake up calls. I wanted to clean the beach up, right then and there and take the plastic and trash out of the seals and sea lions and birds MYSELF, but my mom and dad didn't want to get into the trash and deal with the city, whether this was a crime or not, so they dragged me away and we tried to enjoy the great food at Mo's and the fun antiquing in the heart of town. I tried, but I really couldn't. I still think about that day and I wish I was a bit older and I argued with my mom and dad and made them let me stay to help and clean up! The mess was cleaned up, but one memory hangs in my mind and will never leave. The beaches still have coke cans and beer bottle caps all over, but they cleaned most of it up and more people visit. The one thing that isn't the same is the marine life. Most seals and sea lions have scars around their necks and fins and they hop around, kind of limping. The rest of them are gone. You don't see them anymore. One seal lion in particular got my attention that day. It had a plastic ring around it's neck and some wrappers around it's fins, causing it to struggle to get free from the trash. What makes me so heartbroken and sick inside is the look in it's eyes. It looked so helpless and so sad honestly... I did look in it's eyes and I... I almost cried. It looked like it was pleading for someone to help. I couldn't believe it and now that I have researched and created this channel, I understand. The sea lion passed away and to this day I wish I didn't understand. When I was little I had this tiny hope in my heart that the sea lion got free and lived a healthy and long life, but now... it's shattered. It didn't and I know why. I wish I didn't know why. Let me rephrase that, I wish it didn't have to happen this way. I wish someone cared enough back then to help the animals as well as throw away the trash. This other time, I was in Hawaii, on the big island, Kona. I was so ecstatic and I wanted to make friends, go boogie boarding and swim with marine life which, back then and still today, fascinated me. We did all that and I was tan and happy and just...content until something terrible unsettled me. When we went to go swim with the sea turtles on a private beach secluded and away from the public, I noticed something. One of the green sea turtles was big and majestic, but something was in one fin and it just.....made me sick. It was a harpoon arrow and as I saw closer, I could see there was blood clots in the fin and the shell had thousands of cracks and scars! One eye was obviously poked out by some weapon and as the turtle kept on swimming, it came to shock me that this sea turtle was struggling to swim! Flailing and falling and I knew that it would be beached eventually and somehow die, either by sky predators or by being dehydrated or just the injuries it endured! The other turtles had similar injuries and as I took it all in, I just.... it took my breath away. In a bad way. I couldn't believe it and I hated it and I didn't want to be even near them, but at the same time I wanted to hug them and send them to a marine conservation and marine veterinarian center, but I couldn't and everyone knew that. No one was shy to share that they didn't like what I was doing. To this day, I get a lot of bad comments! They say that I am too in-experienced and that I have no idea what so ever what I'm talking about and because I went to zoo camp and USED TO, AS IN THE PAST eat meat I am a huge hypocrite! They say those things and though it hurts, it also just fuels me! I need those people that don't share my idea and tell me to just give up. I need them to tell me to stop because guess what I do? I don't stop. I have to keep going! I understand what they mean and I know I can't change the world, right now, but I can inform myself and others! Like I said in another discussion, one person that cares is a brick. Slowly, but surely a wall is built, one person that cares and another person that cares stacked up and eventually, we'll do this! We'll make the world a much healthier place. Comment, good or bad, I would love to hear it.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/189-personal-experiences-with-the-destroying
Life... It's Either Here Or Not$It proves that even though we need a lot more people to help out and join this battle, we have a strong force already and if we add more? A battle force so strong that nothing, NOTHING can defeat it. An unbreakable brick wall, so true. I am only 11 and a half years old, but I am already so proud that this many people care, about my words, but also about what's going on. Hearing that you want this to be stopped as well means so, so much to not just me, but Earth itself! I really don't want to repeat myself, I would SOUND YOUNG, and what tween wants to sound young? (Hahaha). Sometimes I am very frustrated that I all I can do is make petitions, write in my two blogs, not eat meat, research and inform myself and plan for my future. I want more than anything to be diving in the oceans and studying at somewhere right on the water, a place where I can do hands-on activities related to Marine Conservation Biology. Other times I am more than content and proud to have 1,356 people signing all of my petitions combined and that I can not eat meat and I can study and inform myself so that when I'm a teenager I can know what to do. It's mixed emotions and though I am content just informing myself right now and doing as much as a tween girl can do, I also really want to get to a position so that I can help out so much more. There is just one sentence that explains it and I want everyone who reads this and signs my petitions to.... I would love for you to comment or email me at pettijohnpaige@gmail.com, but if you don't want to or cannot for some reason, then I want you to just comment, tell me what you think about what I wrote and about these issues. I always want comments, but this time, it's a simple sentence and you choose. It's okay to choose what you want, this Is a free world, right? Anyways, it's the title of this petition and the words of life. Life.... it's either here or not. Earth isn't leaving us tomorrow and it won't for a very, very long time, I won't be alive and neither will you. (no offense!). Choose. You'll you have our planet, you'll have some really successful business's, many that are polluting the air horribly, but you won't have LIFE! Human beings yes, but not the kind of people you would ever want to live on this planet with. Greedy human beings who care about earning tons of Net Profit and not about the life that lives on our planet. The air will be gray and have thick smog, weighing down your lungs, literally. The ground will probably be completely paved, if it's up to the greedy people who own the factories in Hong Kong and China and places that are sending Co2 into the air carelessly, that is absorbed by the oceans if I might mention. The plants will be dried up and dead. I know I'm making it sounds terrible and horrid, but the plants will have a horrible reaction to the smog and Co2 and with the sun almost completely gone from the smog and thick, dirty clouds they won't be able to grow properly, if at all. The birds that sing their morning songs with the dew drops weighing down vibrant green colored plants with stunning flower beds sprouting in the new sunshine and misty air, the deer that gracefully bound along the ground with their family by their sides, the bears all colors of browns and midnight blacks eating the colorful berries with bouncy flavors and just enough nutrients to provide them with fat to store in the winter, when they take a peaceful nap. The foxes and wolves that feel so content and happy when the snow is hanging off spruce and pine tree branches, or laying softly on the ground like a bed of cold warmth and safety while the icicles drip water down cave walls and the bats sip the trickling water joyfully while the snow falls gently outside and the animals walk and fly lazily past, not shivering at all because of their amazing adaptability skills and stunning fur coats or thick layers of beautiful feathers and hair. The deserts full of wonderful wildlife under the heat of the sun and gentle, scorching grounds that turn to ice in the cool of the night. The elephants stomping their grounds, the millions of miles of wildlife, plants, rocks and grass and food and water. The giraffes, gazelles and zebras living in content harmony, a rainbow of spots, lines and colors creating a confusing jumble for predators, but a natural wonder to everyone else. The lions, leopards, cheetahs, hyena's and dingo's all basking in the sun and looking around with confident eyes and peaceful hearts, knowing this is their land and that it will always be theirs, no matter what "Humans" do to it. The snakes, lizards, skinks, insects, microscopic creatures all living and thriving, some invisible to all other creatures, but keeping a watchful eye out on them anyways. The plants blooming and creating such stunning and heart stopping scenery and life. The rocks that paint pictures in the beds of rivers and lakes, or give homes to little creatures needing shelter from the world beyond. The whales, dolphins, sharks, manta rays, eels and blue marlins and sturgeons swimming through the ocean eyes full of wonder and happiness, scanning their surroundings and all the tiny creatures that can either make a delicious snack or just content friends that live under their roofs of under belly's and on sides of fins. The millions of schools of fish swimming together as friends and family, providing protection and company to each other, moving from place to place in imperceptible stillness and mesmerizing patterns. The coral reefs that provide homes to millions and millions of animals, some that are invisible to everyone and everything. The microscopic plankton giving us oxygen and bewildering pictures under the microscope. Remember... The creatures we can't see can and they do. All that LIFE will be gone, or close to it, and who wants to live on a planet where all those creatures, all those exquisite, beautiful, stunning, heart stopping, bewildering, interesting, confusing, invisible, jaw droppingly ALIVE creatures are dying? It brings tears to me eyes and I am tearing up to think that already the reefs and those animals are being hunted and killed and deteriorating rapidly every minute because of selfish, idiotic acts of us human beings. I know that this is a lot to comprehend and it wasn't easy for me either, but I forced myself to accept the stone cold truth and that the world, OUR WORLD, needs help and we have to help it. It's not that hard to pick up a beer bottle hidden in the brush, or instead of being oblivious, you are aware. I just want to know what you choose. It's really simple, Life's here or it's not. What's your choice? It shouldn't be that hard, if it is..... choose wisely and be aware and understanding. I can't thank you enough, but Earth can. By giving us life and homes and shelter and beauty and creatures living and thriving, it has thanked us for caring. When we stopped, our planet gave up. We need to be Earth's strength, Earth's heart... Earth's voice. Email me at pettijohnpaige@gmail.com and choose now, Life or not. Comment, tell me what you think. Earth provided us with anything and everything we have, let's thank it by taking care of everything we are provided with. Earth deserves that and much, much more. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/188-life-its-either-here-or
Earth Needs Help Now, Before It's Too Late$Now.... I hope that you did what I suggested before on my other petition, Earth Needs Our Help, If Not, Life On Earth? Gone. You can visit it to see my suggestions and more information! I asked for that simple favor, but not for me, for Earth. I'm not spiritually connected to our planet, I just want to help it out and to be the voice for those who cannot speak, like the oceans and the animals and plants we have all around Earth. They need a voice and I want to be that voice as best as I can. The problem is though, my voice isn't very loud. Nope, it's small and it's weak and it's quiet. I need your voice, your strength, your help! If everyone can come together to not just fight, but win this battle against climate change, global warming, shark finning, whaling, poaching, skinning and killing of mammals, Co2 emissions, coral bleaching and the overall deterioration of the world, we can be a huge, booming voice that stretches around the world like a wave of hope, hitting the wave of destruction and greed head on and pushing it back all the way!!! My voice is tiny right now, it won't get louder if no one comes together. If everyone understands the real damage that is happening right this minute, the stone cold truth, than maybe... just maybe those people, including you who's reading this, can come together and create that huge wave of hope! I'm just a tween girl sitting at my desk typing this with the most passion and fire I have ever had in my entire life. Why should I care? I should go back to worrying about having a pimple or who's cuter at school. That's what some people have said to me. I don't care. I respect their opinions about me going back to a normal tween girl, but there's a problem! I DO CARE! That will never change no matter where I go or who I try to become. My fire won't stop burning, no matter how many times anyone stomps on it or splashes cold water on it. My rage and passion keeps burning bright, pushing me further and further! If you have read my petitions before, you understand the terribly sickening damage that is being caused by us greedy human beings, so I won't repeat myself, but I will tell you that if you read my last petition and you really looked around, you already are a voice in this chorus. Your already a water droplet in this wave! Your already a brick in this unbreakable brick wall!!! You never knew what was really out there, what's really happening before you looked, did you? That might not be the case for everyone, but I bet you a million dollars that it was for most of you. That you missed something. I am so proud and overjoyed and people all over this world, OUR WORLD, has read and signed my petitions! You don't know how much that means to me, how much that helps our planet. I won't stop making petitions, writing in my blogs and researching, and I really hope by now you won't stop caring either. Not anymore. Visit my blogs, Earth244.wordpress.com and Lifeonearthgone.disq.us. Email me with comments and suggestions at pettijohnpaige@gmail.com. My parents tell me to be cautious, I won't give out my address, but I honestly hope from the bottom of my heart that if you email me, your being sincere and not tricking me into meeting you somewhere. I won't do it, even if you are being sincere. (Don't take it personally). It's okay to email, I probably will email back thanking you and asking you to tell me more and how you like it and everything! (I'm not cruel!). I have other petitions, if you haven't read them already and I hope you find some kind of interest in them, especially my latest I mentioned above. Earth does need our help, before it's too late...... $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/187-earth-needs-help-now-before
OCEANS=FAMILY$        I find it very sad, and frustrating, that humans are ridding themselves of humanity! I mean.... think of it this way, Earth is our home, our PLANET, it's all we have, whether it was made by God or not. People have different beliefs, everyone does and I respect that, I do. People believe Earth was created different ways and people believe in Jesus and some people just don't. That's fine, everyone is different, but... it's the same planet, it's our home no matter how it was made or who was here first. Earth is everything we have. It is our food, our shelter, our water, our friends, our family, our air and our wildlife. Earth provides us with much more things and people and life than I could list, but those are some of the major ones. Some people understand this and they respect our planet and other people just don't care. Humans are greedy, naturally and genetically we all our, but...that changed! People stepped out of their genes and they became their own person! They stood up for Earth and they made a difference, but that changed too. Earth, like I said is all we have, everything we have and we should respect it, take care of it and most of all LOVE IT! I know, it's kind of stupid to say LOVE IT, but think about it. We should. Now... now, people hunt animals and kill them and eat them and they litter and do things that are so heartbreaking and infuriating! The oceans provide us with tons of oxygen, almost half of all our oxygen comes from the ocean and if we kill our oceans, we don't get any oxygen from the oceans anymore! We have to rely on the trees and healthy plants. People don't think! They think well, okay, I don't care if the oceans die, we have thousands of trees, big deal. It's a heck of a big deal! If we kill our beautiful seas and deforestation rids the planet of all our stunning trees, what do we have left? Now, come on, this is easy. Nothing. That's the answer, nothing. We won't have marine ecosystems, many animals on land that rely on trees and plants for food and homes die, and most of all.... our oxygen supply is cut down to zero! No more oxygen, no more plants, trees or ocean wildlife, no more humanity or life. It's really horrific and such a HUGE eye opener, seriously. It makes you just... think, if only for a second before pushing it aside. You comprehend it, just... when your mind finally circles back to the problems and what's going on, it's too late. It's terrible! I want everyone who reads this, if it's only a couple of people to think about the oceans we have as our family. Just for a second. Our oceans and our marine wildlife is our family, it's true. The graceful dolphins that swim just under the surface of the clear water, grazing the waves at an imperceptible speed and stillness. The sharks that are so misunderstood, with their beautiful fins slicing through the water and their silence that makes everything stop. The whales that are bigger than life with the mouths of true gentle giants and fins that are huge and destructive, but graceful and well controlled. The coral reefs that create oxygen for us to breathe, helping us out when we just destroy them with their beautiful marine flowers that is shelter for hundreds of tiny shrimp and fish species as well as other curious creatures just wandering around the sea floor, happy to be alive, if alive at all. The microscopic creatures floating in follicles invisible in the stunning water, creating things and other creatures that make all humans wonder and ponder what is actually happening. The water itself, pristine, giving a home to millions and millions of interesting species with some names no one can pronounce without their I phone. All that is our family, our long lost relatives, our best friends. The ocean and marine life has always been my best friend, If I have to be honest here. I don't have many friends. I have a few, but they don't live in the same state as me and all I can do is pray that their flight here isn't blocked or canceled every summer. Marine life and the Ocean has always been there. I swim in the ocean no matter how cold outside, having fun on my boogie board and appreciating some places in the water isn't crowded with dirt and trash and foam. I sit on the beach no matter how hot it is, sifting through the sand and looking out at the water, studying everything precariously, so not to miss anything, so that mentally I can know what I need to. I go online a lot and read about the oceans and marine life and marine conservation and I spend hours watching documentaries on TV, taking notes and watching with wonder and happiness and horror and disgust in my heart and my eyes. Mainly, I like being there.... on the beach, mainly in the water, with all my family and friends. I have family and some friends, I'm not a solitary person or anything, not that there's anything wrong with that, it's just I'm not. I have all those people behind me, but not many friends. Not any BEST friends. The ocean is a comfort. It is there, always. I am scared for my great, great grandchildren, or even my own children if the oceans will be there. The seas will be THERE, but not the same. They will be trashed and the marine life won't be... alive. That makes me very worried because it seems like everything get's worse as the years pass. Not better. It needs to get better. My family needs my help and I will do everything I can. As I get older and can go places and speak up more, I will do more and I will make more of a change. I will help, no matter what. Everyone can make a change. I have Instagram and Twitter and I'm almost positive you do too, anyone, everyone. Earth is our family, not just the oceans. EARTH, OUR FAMILY! Our planet. Our home, needs our help. It's dying and deteriorating and the oceans are getting acidic and the lands are being deforested and everyone just get's more and more greedy, oblivious to what DAMAGE they are causing. I have had people ask me, to test me on what I know, what is causing all this damage and destruction? I don't want to act like a know-it-all, but I do like having a meaningful word. I told those people that it's not what, who. Who then? Who's making Earth suffer? "Who's" not right either, is it? Nope. More like..... us. Humans. Us. The oceans are our family, let's protect and save our loved ones. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/186-oceans-family
Co2 Emissions Are Killing Life As We Know It And We Need To Stop That$Co2 is a deadly toxin and it makes Earth a very unhealthy and dirty place. My cousin said he went to Hong Kong and when he got off the plane, he couldn't see his hands in front of his face! They were just a blob.... surrounded by a terrible smog. When the Jurassic Dino's were wiped off the face of Earth it was the hugest mass extinction Earth has ever seen. A meteor had collided with our planet and wiped the dinosaurs off the face of Earth, killing all. Or did it? There is factual evidence that there couldn't have been a meteor big enough to completely blow all the animals, worldwide, off the face of the planet! The meteor had collided with earth, but it also hit hundreds of deadly methane bubbles waiting under the surface. With the force and heat of the meteor, the methane bubbles burst and wiped all the Dinosaurs off the face of the planet! The methane bubbles must have been hundreds of feet in diameter! When methane bubbles burst, they create fire balls like you wouldn't imagine! Fire dissolves when it reaches water, just fizzles out! We have Crocodiles and Alligators and we have Fish and Coral Reefs that are hundreds of thousands of years old. If it was just the meteor, just that pressure and rock, the water would have been blown off the face of Earth along with everything else, but no. It wasn't! Thousands of animals seeked shelter with the water and that's why, some of their species are still alive today. Co2 is a lot like methane, just not as deadly. Co2 builds up, very slowly, before bursting or attacking anything. I am young and I can't get on a plane and go and debate about this with Representatives of States and people that have authority, political wise. If I could, I would, but I can't. I want to open people's eyes about things that are going on! Earth needs our help. There are other natural ways to use factories to make products that sell and make money for families and people working hard! Using wind for power and using solar panels for energy! Using natural resources will make our planet so much cleaner and healthier! Co2 is a natural gas, coming out of our airways, feeding trees the nutrients they need to create oxygen for us, but... the kind of Co2 made from factories and gas burning cars.... that kind of carbon dioxide is mixed with other toxins and chemicals and it is in no way natural or healthy for our environment! Because of the Co2 admissions the oceans are becoming so acidic animals are dying and their slowly dissolving into nothing, like food in someone's stomach. It makes me sick just thinking about it. It's pretty horrific what's going on with greedy people wanting money in a way that's... just wrong! I have a link to a lot more facts from people I know you would believe. It's to my channel.... Life on Earth: Gone. lifeonearthgone.disq.us! Visit now. I don't want money, nor does my family or anyone who helped me make my channel. I'm only 11, I'm really not in the right position to be asking for money, am I? I just want to spread the word and to help people understand that Earth? It's not so beautiful anymore and it needs our help to make it that way. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/185-co2-emissions-are-killing-life
Care About Our Planet, Appreciate What You Have Because One Day, And Soon Too, It Might All Be Gone$Look.... I have already said that Earth is dying, Sharks are being killed and finned each and every day, and it's all very important, but now....I want to just not be a downer for sec. I want to give a little guide book to anyone who needs it. Earth's rapid deterioration and the horrid greed of millions of people is a very huge issue and what's going is coming at everyone at such a fast pace it can be hard to grasp, It was hard for me at first too. I am 11 years old turning 12 in June, I'm sure everyone knows that already, but really.... I am only a kid. Sometimes I wish to be older, really WISH, but other times I don't dream about the future of teenage hood and adult life, but grasp that I am only a girl becoming a teenager and that I can't do a ton of things right now. I can inform myself and read and watch millions of things like a mad person, I can become a vegetarian with the exception of some fish, I can go to summer camps, create blogs, recycle, do little beach cleanups, but the only thing that is really making a difference, other than all the other hard, but amazing things I've tried to do and accomplished, is informing others! I will try to do as much as I can to do hands on projects and travel to different labs and museums and other jaw droppingly amazing institutes about marine conservation biology, but really.... I need to spread word about what is happening! My parents are worried about my safety online and I am too, I have no idea who is trying to contact me, but honestly.... signing my petition is kind of a trust sign to me. I'm not stupid and gullible, but I do trust most people when they say they are inspired by what I have accomplished or like what I have written. I would like to know people are getting my words and they are signing my petition because they believe in me and appreciate what I have written! That's why I am putting my email, pettijohnpaige@gmail.com out there for anyone who has comments on my petitions or wants to ask me a question! I might not have the answer to every question, but I would love to answer a few. All that brain-racking-staying-up-till-midnight-reading-articles-and-watching-documentaries-about-marine-conservation-biology has kind of put some info In my mind, not to brag. I have also created another 2 blogs, Lifeonearthgone.disq.us and Earth244.wordpress.com! Feel free to comment on them, read them! They are a bit more sophisticated if I might say so myself and I have added a few more pictures, for everyone's interest. Now... I'm going to ask you to do something. I know I'm only 11, I have no right to ask anyone to do anything, unless it's my 2 year old cousins, but this one time... I want you to do something. I mentioned this in my other petition, but I didn't put as much detail as I really wanted to. And needed to. Look around. At every little thing around you. The plants, the cracks in the sidewalks, the birds flying in the sky or sitting on a bench chirping softly, asking for food, the rocks that lay strewn around, so still, but in other ways, a beautiful, work of art that's alive somehow. Look at any kind of animals around you, from deer to the insects that buzz around that are sometimes so annoying, but at other times, content, like firefly's lighting up the night sky, a million little balls of fire. If you live near the water, just look down into it. Some animals are struggling to live, but others are oblivious to what is to come, just swimming in a pattern that is like a warm teacup of herbal tea, familiar and calming. Look to the furthest point your eye can see, from the skyscrapers towering above and the miles of pavement and colorful cars, to the simple blue line of ocean water, marking the horizon. The waves building up, crashing down, building up, crashing down like life itself, a constant wave. I am just asking a small favor, you don't even know me and for all you know I'm just a little kid who really likes the animals and doesn't like the gross pictures of sharks without fins, but this favor doesn't have anything to do with me. Earth is asking a favor, a simple little question, something to be done. Open your eyes and see. Some human beings cannot see, but that's okay. I have no idea if this is read to blind people, if family members want to read this to them, if not, that's fine too. If that person cannot see, what I'm trying to say is they feel what's going on, they listen for every sound. They acclimate to what they have to do instead of seeing, they feel things, hear things, taste things, they KNOW things. It's actually kind of... amazing. To not see things isn't the best, but... to be able to hear them and picture them in your mind, to just know by feeling something..... it's so stinking amazing. Anyways, what I'm trying to say is... if you have eyes, It would be dang wrong of you to not see what life is surrounding you. Every little organism, the THINGS even! They are here too, they make up the world and life. They should be looked at as well. This little favor might be asking a lot, for some people seeing the truth is harder than anything, I can understand that, but once you know the truth, it get's a whole lot easier to accept it! If you deny that things are going on, that animals are dying, that the oceans are warming up, that human beings are dying from diseases, some may be caused by pollution and toxic wastes being poured out of different vehicles and objects, you won't be able to help and when your eyes are finally pried open, when you can't not look anymore, what you see will be so shocking, so terrible, so stone cold true that it won't be easy at all to grasp, much less accept. If you look now, it will be hard, but you can understand it now so that as everything just get's worse, you can follow along, with your eyes wide open. I'm sorry, I babble and I use a lot of metaphors, but... I really want my words to be beyond my years. If I didn't mention my age, would you know I'm a kid? Maybe, I don't know. Anyways, I should stay on topic. Earth does need our help and there are a lot of horrid, knuckle-turning-white-clenching-the-edge-of-the-table-so-hard things going on, but all I want right now is for everyone to just stop and look around, at everything, every single thing. If it's right at dawn, with dew drops on the lush green leaves and the sun just rising over the seemingly forever horizon, making the sky light up like a fire blazing from every single star melting back into the sky, or in the evening, when the sun sinks below the horizon, shadows dancing around in a joyous reunion as the stars pop back out, un-melting and the moon creates a cascading light across every house, every sleeping person, every little thing. Just look at it all and sometimes, at just the right moments, you'll see things you might have thought didn't exist. I also like to think that the invisible is only visible to whom who are looking. If you don't care, if you don't want to see something, you won't. But if you really want something to be there, it just might appear, like a star melted into it's background, seemingly invisble, when only hiding behind the sun's bright, hot blaze, to re-appear again when everything, everyone go's to sleep and the sky is dark. Appreciate everything you have, everything you might not know exists, because one day, and soon if I might add, it won't be here. I learned that even though I don't have much, I have love and I have a home. Not the wooden structure and the roof over my head, but the planet. Planet Earth. Leave any comments, email me if you want, it's pettijohnpaige@gmail.com, I'll answer. Care, See, Open your eyes! Earth needs our help and it isn't going to sit around and wait any longer. We need to do something... Now. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/184-care-about-our-planet-appreciate
Earth Needs Our Help, If Not, Life On Earth? Gone.$I have mentioned before that Earth is deteriorating rapidly and needs our help, but it seems like I just can't say it enough! People are actually signing up to MOVE to MARS! We are giving up on our OWN PLANET. That just makes me.... feel terrible, icky! Yeah, that's right... ICKY. People shouldn't just give up and want to move to Mars. They should want to stay on this planet for as long as they can, helping by spreading word, researching, informing themselves, telling friends, family, dong beach cleanups, traveling and finding information out, becoming members and speaking with Representatives that can take all our passion a step further! Moving to Mars is a huge expedition and it is really interesting and amazing, it really makes me stunned and awed, half in a good way, half in a bad way! But.... really, we shouldn't be leaving our planet just to... die! We should do as much as we can to help, like I said a second ago. Earth is all we have, everything we have! Think about this for a second. We went from loving our home, taking care of it, being in relative peace, throwing away trash, not catching animals and maiming them and killing them, but watching them.. in the WILD, their natural home. Now... now everyone is pumping this Co2 into the oceans, killing the reefs, the sea life, the microscopic creatures that provide us with half of all our oxygen! The worst part is that they understand what they are doing is causing irreversible, sickiening damage. They also understand that there are other cars to drive, healthier ways to run cars, healthier ways to LIVE! But they simply don't care. Their fine with being incredibly greedy, causing such terrible things to take effect all around this world, our world. Animals should be in peace, in the wild, in NATURE, where they belong. Sharks deserve to have fins, even if they hurt us sometimes. 73,000,000 sharks are killed each year by shark finning alone, that's not even counting the natural causes, by-catch and other fishing uses! Elephants can be incredibly dangerous beasts with their ginormous, super heavy feet and their extremely beautiful, but shark tusks. They can run ten people over, killing all in a split second. But they also are being maimed, their TRUNKS AND TUSKS being cut off, not even in a correct, surgical manner! Just... cutting them off. The trunks are a part of the elephants body, so they can breathe correctly, eat, drink! They are cut off... not just the ivory tusks most people think are fine being cut off, but the TRUNKS! I have seen some pretty horrific pictures of elephants without the front of their face, just sitting there. One video, actually showed the elephant blink and I sware the eye lids were just slits and there were tears pouring down his/her face! I'm not kidding. That elephant didn't have a trunk or it's tusks. It couldn't eat, drink and since it's mouth was in shreds...breathe. That video showed the horrific, idioitic, stomach churning, fist clenching, stone cold truth of what idioit, greedy human beings are doing to fairly innocent, stunning, natural beauties of wildlife. It's so, so terrible. Not just that, but tigers, lions, big cats all over are being killed for their skin! I would never, ever want to wear a leoapards coat, or hold a lion's head proudly! What would make me overjoyed and so, so proud would to see the leaopord in the wild, sitting in a tree peacefully, or the lion having it's HEAD ON IT'S BODY, prowling the grounds proudly and taking care of it's family, it's pride. Would you want to hold a lion's head, knowing that that animal, that stunningly beautiful,heart stopping, jaw droppingly amazing animal was killed in such a horrific way and that now.... one more lion isn't on this planet. Knowing one more shark isn't swimming in the oceans that make Earth itself proud. That one more elephant isn't holding it's head high, one of the biggest land mammals on Earth walking across the millions of miles of it's home, the natural wild. That makes me get all teary! I'm trying to hold back tears right now, really. Think about that! I'm only 11 years old almost 12 and I have no right asking adults to do something, telling them to do something, but really.... I'm going to, right now! Don't take it personally if you think I'm telling you what to do, just do this one thing. Not for me, for Earth.  Look. Open your eyes and look out at everything. If you live in a crowded city, look around. At the buildings, the cars, the buses, the bycicles, the people, even the wildlife! If you really want to see something, some bird, some insect, even some other kind of animal, you might just see it. If you live on the water, river, lake, the ocean even, look out as far as you can see, go on the beach, or to the edge of the sand into the water, look into the ocean. Millions and millions of animals are down there, struggling to live. Where you live might be different, probably stunning and if your on the water, I'm not saying that the animals right at your feet are dying, but honestly... they will be... very soon. The Co2 emissions, the global by-catch, fishing and finning of sharks, seal poaching, whaling-the killing of whales, coral bleaching, trashed beaches, smog... it's stretching around this world like a huge wave of greed, carelessness, disease and deterioration! It's coming around faster than ever now that people understand and just don't care. Some people do care, some people are helping, but it's not enough. I just want everyone who reads this, even if only one person does, to look around at the life that is surrounding you. If it's already to you, the wave of terribleness and things are destroying itself around you, then take that in too. Compare the blue sky with clouds and care free birds, to smog filled air that makes your lungs feel heavy and the birds become ill. If your beaches have some trash, take that in and compare the healthy sand and happy human beings, to oil covered sand, unhappy people because everything's gray and deteriorating and trash everywhere because humans just don't care anymore. Compare healthy animals, to animals that just aren't here anymore, or aren't going to be here very long. Just open your eyes and see. If you still have that natural beauty and people that actually care, then really appreciate it! I have learned the hard way that I don't have a lot and that I have to appreciate everything I do have, because one day, it might not be here anymore. See, look, take everything in. A coke can in the sand? Beer bottle hidden in the brush that you happen to come upon? It doesn't take much to just pick it up and throw it away. Comment, tell me what you think! I would love to hear it. I would really like to know that someone cares. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/183-earth-needs-our-help-if
The SMALLEST Of Things Are The Foundation For The LARGEST$The microscopic plankton is providing us with more than half of all our oxygen. The coral reefs are giving homes to millions of sea creatures, some invisible to the naked eye. Or maybe, the invisible is only visible to whom who care? Think about that for a second. I have said before that marine creatures and the ocean itself is deteriorating rapidly, but the problem is focused on the creatures we can't see, much less know exist. The phyto-plankton are strong creatures that give us the air we breathe every millisecond, but... they are also the most fragile and easy to destroy. I am not trying to be a downer here, there are so many ways to help, but if you want the truth? I'll give it to you. Every time we drive a car, Co2 is pouring out senselessly, invisible to every human. That Carbon Dioxide is absorbed by the oceans, faster than you would believe. That causes acidification levels to rise and rise until one day, the reefs can't take it anymore and the marine animals just simply give up. (Again, sorry I'm such a downer but this is the truth). Right this minute, the marine animals are struggling and the reefs are deteriorating! We have to change that..... like, NOW! We don't have millions of years to just kick back and kind of think about it. We have about.....50 years? 100 years? That's not as long as you might think. The smallest of creatures, the ones some human beings don't know exist on this planet are fighting harder than the biggest of marine animals. They are still providing us with oxygen somewhat clean, (somewhat with pollution). We have to help them fight harder! Their silent, they don't have voices. They need us to speak up for them. 1 strong person can win the fight with a few nicks, but if they team up with other strong people? Unscathed. The oceans, Earth, LIFE needs us to team up with them and save their habitats, food sources and oh yeah.... them. One person that cares is a brick. If people that care come together? An unbreakable, reliable brick wall. Everyone needs to join this fight. The smallest of things are the foundation for the largest and if we let the invisible creatures deteriorate and die? It's like a rug pulled out from under you, no footing, no foundation... you fall. The oceans, the WORLD is having the rug pulled slowly out from under them right this minute, but we can't let our home, our planet fall. We have to stop it and stick that rug firmly back to place. In non-metaphor words? Replenish our planet, regain our footing and let the smallest of things thrive. If the creatures we don't know exist live, so will everything else, including us. Humans. us.    $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/182-the-smallest-of-things-are
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Life On Earth.... Gone$Earth is our home, it is everything we have. I can't even list what is provides us. Life. Life is what Earth provides us with and it makes me sickened to think some people just don't care! They throw it all away. I am 11 years old turning 12 in June and like I said in one of my other petitions, I hear all the time that I am way too young and I don't know anything and I should just go back to lounging around and being a kid. It does sting, but I use it as fuel! It pushes me forward. Those negative words, those bad comments... their my embers and add a match that lit up inside me every time I see people not caring? You get FIRE! Lots and lots of flames. The oceans are something so hard to explain! The waves crash with a sound that is mesmerizing by sound and the water laps at your ankles gently, making you feel the most calm you have ever felt. The sand sinks between your toes like a natural massage, smoothing out the wrinkles and calluses like they were never there. The marine animals right below the surface, eyes wide with wonder, mouths open breathing in the clear water. Their fins keeping them afloat, silently swishing through the water in a pattern that is so normal, so familiar to the creatures under the water. The land animals are walking on land that is also familiar, the grass soothing under foot, the plants looking delicious with dew drops and their vibrant colors, the trees standing tall over everyone's heads, the sunlight streaming through their sturdy branches. What if all this was gone? Earth is deteriorating. Why? Because humans are being greedy, destructive beasts causing irreversible damage and heartbreaking deaths and extinctions of hundreds of species. Carbon dioxide is silently, senselessly, tastelessly pouring out of gasoline burning cars, trucks, bus's, trains, airplanes, factories! All that Co2 is absorbed by the oceans all around the world, which is causing rapidly rising acidity levels which is causing all marine animals to deteriorate and die slow, painful deaths! Earth is speechless, it communicates by giving and providing us with beauty and life. Earth has always been silent, but.... what it gave us, what we still have is full of life and song! The kind of silent I'm talking about isn't good. You know why? There won't be anything Earth can provide us with, no song, no life to speak for it. We have to be Earth's voice! Before it's too late. Earth deserves to not just live, but thrive! Everything on Earth deserves to thrive, including human beings. The factories in Hong Kong, South-Central America, China, America.... their the funds that provide homes, clothes, food, water, toys for thousands and thousands of families all over this planet, but... their are other ways to run the factories, other natural and healthy ways! I don't want to shut down the factories and have thousands of fairly innocent families become homeless. That would be unfair and horrific. Solar power is amazing, efficient and so healthy! That would be a way to provide power for homes everywhere! Wind power is also very healthy and efficient and that would be a major option in making factories more healthy and not Co2 burning. I can see the wind mills providing the power for millions of factories, the other millions of factories could use solar energy. Replacing one bulb in your house to an LED light bulb is taking over 1,000,000 cars off the road! Throwing away trash is so,so helpful! Recycling is always amazing and helps our environment be more green, every single day. Don't you think Earth deserves that much? That and much, much more. Be Earth's voice, confront the problems that are killing our planet, stand up for endangered animals, talk to people about how to help and prevent this terrible damage from getting any worse. Those are just a few of thousands of ways to help our planet, our home, everything we have be replenished. It sounds amazing, doesn't it? Time is running out. The ocean is still acidic and animals are still being hunted for no reason except beliefs, that I respect with all my heart, that haven't been proved to work at all. I have my own blog, Lifeonearthgone.disq.us with tons of quoted articles, my own personal experiences and comments, tons of pictures and links to different websites with lots more information and scientific definitions. If you have any questions or comments, feel free to post them! You can be stone cold honest, I can take it. I really hope I can reach my goal of supporters and that word will be spread! Earth is dying and it needs our help, before it's too late and life on earth? Gone. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/181-life-on-earth-gone
Sharks Aren't The Predators Anymore, We Are.$Sharks are beautiful creatures and one of the most important species in marine wildlife ecosystems! They are also very endangered and one of the most misunderstood animals on Earth. Sharks are deadly creatures with slicing sharp teeth and huge eyes that can see everything, even some things humans can't. They have sleek fins that slice through the water with a silence that is so amazing and striking it stops your heart (not literally). Their fins are so beautiful and.... like I said before, sleek and striking... they make the sharks swim at an imperceptible speed and stillness. Humans think that sharks are dangerous and they are deadly and so disgusting that they kill people! I know, there are shark attacks all over the world happening right now, it's terrible, but sharks don't mean it! They see things that we can't, which makes it even more confusing. They are hungry because their food sources are dead because of rising acidity levels in the oceans all around the world and they see that our bodies are shaped like seals and most likely have black suits on, so they strike, their starving bodies being pushed to the limit to just find food, finally getting a good, hearty meal, no offense. Most sharks realize that the "thing" they bit is not their regular food source and doesn't taste "right", so they let go, eventually after some struggle and swim away. Humans, obviously bat them away because their pain is excruciating and they try to poke their eyes out and even hit them in the nose where they smell the fresh blood, but that just makes the sharks infuriated and they just clench tighter because of their own pain, if it's in the eyes, mainly. Humans rarely get eaten, and that's mainly because the sharks are almost to death because of starvation and most of the time, humans get away with serious injuries or even less than serious injuries. It's not right, but if sharks had more of their own food source they wouldn't attack in the first place. Maybe they would, but most sharks are just really hungry or almost dead from starvation! Personally, I love sharks and I hate that people catch them, cut off their fins and gills, throw them back in the water and practically watch and know in their hearts that those sharks are suffering a slow and horribly painful death! It makes my heart HURT! Shark fins don't cure deadly diseases, if I can say in the nicest way. If they did, they would have already and cancer wouldn't be spreading BY THE DAY! I have a family member that has cancer and my best friend has had many family members with different kinds of cancer. It's not helping, so just STOP cutting fins off of beautiful, misunderstood sharks! If there's not a demand, there's no reason and that just makes me sick. Cutting fins off sharks for money and in the end, fun! Now... Hong Kong and China and South America are HUGE contributors, but... Americans are too! Oregon itself has two shark finning business's selling shark fin soup and other products involving sharks. Americans cut the fins off, let the shark's go to die slowly and painfully and then sell the products to China and countries neighboring that one, in which they pay lots of money for them! Thousands of dollars. I know shark finning is a business and it makes money for many families, but.... there are other ways that are natural and healthy and doesn't involve endangered species. Sharks are thrown out to sea without fins and that causes them to die a slow and horrifically painful death. That makes me cringe inside and honestly, if I ate shark fin soup, it wouldn't make me feel better. I would get sick. Sharks need help and I need help also, in getting the word out. I am 11 years old turning 12 in a few months and I hear all the time that I am wasting my time and that I'm just a kid, I don't know anything and I should just go back to my barbie doll magazines. That hurts, but mainly, I use it as fuel. I am insanely passionate about marine conservation and I will never stop. What do you think about shark finning and marine conservation? Should shark finning be stopped? $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/180-sharks-arent-the-predators-anymore
Realizing Small Kindnesses$I never realized how often I was committing random acts of kindness until I found this organization. Now that I'm aware, I commit myself to doing them more often than I ever have before. Here are some examples: - When I'm out and about doing daily errands, I hold doors open for elderly people coming through those doors. Sometimes I find myself holding the door for a whole group of people, smiling and joking that I am the official door holder of the day. I get lots of smiles and nice comments with that statement. -I did a teaching opportunity with my granddaughters. During the holidays I love dropping all my spare change into those red Salvation Army buckets. I put in about $5 - $10 every time I am out shopping. One day I had two of my granddaughters with me. I didn't have any change so I took out two $1 bills then handed them to the girls. I explained that very time I go out shopping I give the red bucket a little bit of money. Of course, the girls were excited about doing the same thing. So they happily walked over and gave the bucket their dollar bills. Both granddaughters were all smiles. -My youngest daughter was in a group home in the Phoenix area. Every weekend I would make the long 2-hour trip to visit and have lunch with her. On my way home I would stop at one particular gas station to fill up before heading back to Tucson. Every time I stopped to fill my car with gas, there was a homeless old man who simply sat there saying hello to everyone that came in. One day he asked me if I had some money so he could buy something to eat inside. "All I have is a couple of dollars. Will that do?" I responded. He smiled and said, "Sure". I gave him the money and he quickly went inside to buy himself a sandwich. From that moment on I always made sure I had some money with me so I could give it to him to buy a sandwich and something to drink. We got to know each through that experience. I never realized how small every day things like these are simple acts of kindness. These days I do my best, making sure to do more as I'm out and about in my community. Denise Barlow Tucson, Arizona $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/179-realizing-small-kindnesses
The Magic Ball$I am a mom of an Autistic child and, although he is high-functioning, when something sets him off, it can be epic. One day we had one of those epic afternoons as he was tired and overwhelmed. We just left the grocery store where he did not get the candy he asked for or a toy and he was just about to go into full meltdown mode. I made my way out of the store as quickly as I could, threw my groceries in the van, and then proceeded to try to get him out of the cart and into the car. Just like a cat being put into a bathtub, he stretched his arms and legs out so I could not wiggle him into the vehicle. There was a woman next to me who, just loud enough for me to hear, said, "You need to learn to control your child!" With his meltdown ensuing in the crowded parking lot, fear of him running off and this woman's words, I began to cry. I tried my best to hide it, but I just couldn't control my emotions as I continued to fight with him. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a young gentleman running toward me. As every special needs mother fears, I thought he was going to give me his two cents on the matter, as well. But, to my surprise, he held out a multi-colored tennis ball, waving it in front of my son, and telling him that it had magic powers that he would be able to see if he took it home. With that, he handed my son the ball. I was able to get him into the car and took the shortcut to get home. That gentleman will be forever in my thoughts; that very brief moment he took made all the difference to me! What an act of kindness!!!!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/178-the-magic-ball
Encouraging Posts$I randomly received a Facebook message today from a woman I barely know that said, "I just wanted to let you know the quotes you put on Facebook really help me, becase they are so positive. I was just diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis and often times the quotes you put up make my day a lot better. It might seem silly that I am sending this message, but I just wanted to let you know. Thank you so much." Her kind, thoughtful, and touching words were something I'll keep with me the rest of my life. I try to post inspirational, motivational, fitness, health, and wellbeing quotes and pictures often. I don't do it to force these things on anyonel I simply have had a very great transformation in my life over the past few years and enjoy sharing how I feel with others. If it makes someone feel just a little more positive or motivated or inspired, that's wonderful. I never meant to put these things out there on my page for attention or for people to praise me, but I am beyond humbled and feel overwhelmed wth gratitude that my unconscious act of kindness got through to someone and I was able to help her in a tough time. I may have cheered up some of her days, but she truly touched my heart and I think this is something that's going to stay with me forever. Helping others really is the most indescribable feeling. I hope I can do more to pay it forward and will keep sharing my positivity, compassion, hope, and love whenever I can!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/177-encouraging-posts
Good afternoon, mr bus driver! $I handed my ticket and said 'good afternoon' to the bus driver. He stopped. Looked at me for 2 seconds. And said 'Twenty people entered this bus, and none of them said a word to me. Good afternoon to you too, kid.' $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/175-good-afternoon-mr-bus-driver
OUR CHARITY PROJECT$THIS YEAR WE (MY CO-WORKERS AND FAMILY) ADOPTED A FAMILY FOR CHRISTMAS. A SINGLE MOTHER OF TWO. WE WERE ABLE TO GIVE THE FAMILY TWO BOXES OF FOOD, CHRISTMAS GIFTS FOR ALL THREE - CONSISTING OF AT LEAST TWO OUTFITS; TOLIETRIES; AND A CASH DONATION OF $250. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/174-our-charity-project
my first newsletter$Hi, I just received this Random Acts of kindness newsletter today from a fellow colleague. I am a retired attorney who started out as an educator. I enjoy teaching and even though I no longer do it as a profession, I welcome the opportunity to teach my grandchildren, youth and senior adults at my church. This newsletter really put a smile on my face and brighten my day. I thanked my colleague for sending it to me and also sent it to several of my friends and family, especially since today is the birthday of one of my younger sisters. E. Olivia Darden $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/173-my-first-newsletter
Magdaline Martinez  ( Story ) ! ! !$Dec. 10,1990 - We Had Our Home We Were Renting  Burn Down To Propane  Explosion; ( Our Neighbors  Propane Was Filled A Week B4 Our Tank. There Tank Is Small Our Tank Was Big. They New Worker Put Our Propane  Into Our Neighbors  Tank That Was Already Filled Up And During  That Day Our Neighbors  Tank Exploded Wrapped  Around  The Electrical  Cord And Landed In Our Back Yard. Our Home Burnt To The Ground  With All Our Memories  And 18 To 17 Century  Antiques ; (  My Mom And Younger Brother Where In The House When The First Explosion  Happened. My Mom Fell To The Ground My Brother Flew Out The Window ; (  My Mom Had Just Enough Time To Call 911 And Grab Her Purse Looked Into The Kitchen  Saw Flames  And Ran Outside  To Save My Dog And Brother God The Neighbor  Lady  Out Or Her Home B4 Our Home Went Up In Flames.  Then My Mom And Brother Where Never The Same After This Huriffic Ordeal. Two Years Later  My Younger Brother Was On His Way Home And Was In A Hurrific Accident  5 Minutes Away  From Our Home That Burnt Down.  My Brother Passed Away Due To Decapitation  ; ( My Brother Was 20 Years Old When He Passed Away. My Parents  Since  Then Could  Never Own A Home Since Then. I Moved Out With My Son  So My Older Brother Could Move In With My Mom. I Didnt Want To Cause I Love,Love Living In Camarillo,Ca.. veen Trying To Move Back To Camarillo,Ca. But Being On Social Security  Not Able Too. Wanting To Start My Own Business  So I Dont Have To Rely On My Parents  Financially.  Cant Due To Being On Social  Security :(  Since I Was In Kindergarten  To Current  I Am Being  Verbally  Bullied By People.  Even Though Im Poor I Feed The Homeless  When I Can. I Was Raised To Feed The Homeless  Cause U Never Know If Your Feeding  Jesus! Learned This From My Grandmother.  Taught My Son To Always  Give Back. Im A Single  Parent  Who Just Gave Up On Myself.  Really Enjoy Being  A Dedicated Parent To My Best Son Ever. I Want My Bodybuilding  Body Back And To Be Taught How To Care For Myself And Learn About Makeup And Hair And Fashion And Health To Care For My Self. Want To Live A Long Life With My Son !!! Want To See Him Get Married And Have Kids And Take Care Of His Kids!!!  I Have Five Chihuahuas  To Care For And I Care For My Elderly Parents! !! Thank U For Giving Me The Moment  To Speak!!! Really  Do Appreciate  It. Continue  Paying  It Forward That Is So Rewarding  !!!! God Bless !!! B Safe  !!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/172-magdaline-martinez-story
giving money$I gave 1000 to a homeless family and a smile in return  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/169-giving-money
Volunteer With Your Church$my church has a program called road crew. we go out one Saturday of the month and give meals to the homeless. this is a great idea because the homeless can rely on at least one meal a week. it is so gratifying to see their faces light up when you give them their meal.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/168-volunteer-with-your-church
Seeing Below The Surface$Twenty years ago when I was in prison, my job was that of a teacher. I was assigned to help a young 23 year-old-man who was very rowdy, angry, and completely out of control. Everyone called him all kinds of names and he was termed dangerous and a social outcast. Initially, he would not talk to me so I decided I would not talk until he broke the silence. One day in July 1996, we were walking and I suddenly rolled a stone on ground and nodded to him for his reaction. Then I hit a tennis ball on a wall. Then I hurled a stone in the air. To this, I sought his reaction without uttering a single word. He kept saying to me, "So what? What do you want?" but I remained silent. Finally, I asked him to tell me something about my three acts. Slowly but surely and step-by-step he described three major laws of motion based on my three acts with utmost clarity, with skills I seriously doubt even a conventional PhD physicist could muster. This reject of the society even hinted at the law of gravitation between giant celestial bodies! Unbelievably, this young man did not even know how to read or write, let alone know who Kepler, Newton, or Einstein were! The night before I was to leave the prison, he came over to return the books I had given him with a bunch of letters from his friends and relatives for me to read to him. That is when he shared with me that he did not know how to read or write as he had quit school after eighth grade and got into bad habits. This brought tears to my eyes then, even as it does now. We stood silent, sobbing on each other's shoulders, when finally he asked me, "Doc will you remember me? Can I come and see you in your lab?" This was my discovery of a pristine mind, for I had always wanted to know one. It is this mind that a thinker yearns after he has known a lot and then via the struggle of unknowing the known, per chance he finds one! From My Experiments with Freedom  Loreto, Pennsylvania, 1996 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/167-seeing-below-the-surface
One Way Out$I have a very brief story and photo to submit.  How do I submit it? Also how do I find my user name in the huge lisst below? ruth.varner@yahoo.com $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/166-one-way-out
Klatzkin & Company is Making Random People Smile in NJ and PA$Klatzkin & Company LLP (Klatzkin), an accounting and consulting firm, has been making random people smile with its "85 Ways, 85 Days: Random Acts of Klatzkin" initiative in honor of the firm’s 85th anniversary throughout Mercer County, New Jersey, and Bucks County, Pennsylvania, where its two offices are located. “We are having a lot of fun surprising people with a random act of kindness,” said Thomas H. Martin, CPA and the firm’s managing partner. “We have done everything from giving Eagles tickets to Big Brothers, Big Sisters of Mercer County and tickets to the movie Star Wars: The Force Awakens to residents of Anchor House (Trenton, New Jersey), to treating patrons of Golden Dawn Diner (Hamilton, New Jersey) and New Hope Diner (New Hope, Pennsylvania) to breakfast and lunch, distributing Visa gift cards to patients in the waiting room at St. Mary Medical Center (Langhorne, Pennsylvania), paying for a family’s groceries at ACME (Fairless Hills, Pennsylvania) and distributing bus tokens to people in Oxford Valley Mall (Langhorne, Pennsylvania). You can see what we are doing at www.raoklatzkin.com.” The 85 Ways, 85 Days: Random Acts of Klatzkin program kicked off on November 23, 2015, at Chandler Hall’s Heacock Hospice Pavilion, in Newtown, Pennsylvania, where its staff was treated to lunch. Robert H. Rosen, CPA and former Klatzkin managing partner was cared for at Chandler Hall until he passed away in November. Klatzkin employees will continue to deliver one random act of kindness daily until February 17, 2016, which is National Random Acts of Kindness Day. “The firm has made it a priority to give back to the community since its inception in 1930,” adds Martin. “Celebrating our 85th anniversary by continuing our tradition of giving is important to everyone at Klatzkin.” $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/164-klatzkin-company-is-making
Hey, You're Amazing!$I have suffered from depression and anxiety my whole life and until recently, I didn't know why. My childhood was rough. I was born to teen parents who didn't stay together long after I was born and my family, while I still tell myself had the best intentions, turned their focus away from the abusive situation my mother had brought the two of us into. I am 25-years-old and just 10 months ago, because of one small phrase and one good friend, I had the courage to get help. The day I mustered up the strength to go to a therapist was the day my friend handed me a card that read "Hey You're Amazing!" He told me that my random acts of kindness toward him (like a text telling him I appreciated him or missed him) helped him from pain and self-harm and asked me to join him in creating a community full of people just like us who just want to give recognition for the goodness in others. I realized then that I couldn't ask people to open up and receive help if I wasn't helping myself. I suffer from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. When I mustered up the strength to go to a therapist and she diagnosed me with PTSD, I didn't believe it. Sure my early years weren't the best, but I am a functioning, successful member of society with a lot of friends and that's when it hit me. My whole life I had been told I was "raised by a village" and was so lucky to have turned out the way I did. I soon realized I had been the victim of living in an entire village of denial and had been lying to myself. The support I have received from my friends and the "Hey, You're Amazing!" community has given me the strength to receive help and to, in turn, get others the help they deserve. One small act; three simple words. That was all it took for me to turn my life around. If I can do that for others, I'd say it's all worth it in the end. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/163-hey-youre-amazing
Random Acts of Kindness week at Harmony Science Academy$Our elementary school in Fort Worth, Texas, celebrated RAK week a week early due to scheduling issues. Each day we had a "theme" which was shared on the announcements. Monday was "All Kind Words" Day, Tuesday was "Look People in the Eye and Smile" Day, Wednesday was "Pick up Trash" Day, Thursday was "Share Notes of Kindness with Everyone" Day, and Friday was "Create Your Own RAK" Day. Students caught participating were rewarded with Kindness Coins which they loved. The staff was given a chance to RAK each other through a bulletin board in the lounge that said "HSA is Bubblicious." Sticky notes in bubble gum colors were available for them to write notes on. We have participated in every RAK special day/week this school year, and are starting to see a difference in our children and our staff. Our next goal is to get them to participate in RAKing every day, and not just designated days. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/162-random-acts-of-kindness-week
Focusing on Others$Valentine's Day of 2016 was extremely difficult for me. A few days before I had found out that my long-term boyfriend was sleeping with someone else and the relationship ended. I was feeling very sorry for myself on Valentine's Day. As I walked into the grocery store, there was a homeless man sitting in the parking lot holding a sign. His sign wasn't asking for help. Instead, he had written a warning to kids to stay in school so they didn't end up like him. While I was in the store shopping, I kept thinking that no matter how bad my problems seemed, there are people in the world who have more serious issues. I decided to help him in a small way. In addition to my items, I purchased a rotisserie chicken and a bottle of water. I gave him the food as I was walking to my car and he was very appreciative. That small interaction helped to lift me out of my depression for the rest of the evening. I will be looking for more ways to help others because I know that it is also helping me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/161-focusing-on-others
Jetting Around The World$A few years ago, my husband and I started writing a series of childrens books called "Jett Around the World". The series is about a boy who travels to a different city in each book, with the intention of teaching kids about the world around them. What started as a business idea quickly evolved and the social worker in me urged us to do something bigger with the idea. We have now committed to donating 1,000 books to schools and kids in need when we reach our goal of selling 1,000 books. So far, we have donated 100 of our books to a school in Nairobi with very minimal supplies. We can't wait to hear from the kids there and see what we can do next. The opportunity to give back now seems endless. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/160-jetting-around-the-world
So Today I just wanted to try something cool...$I tried something really cool and I hope it worked!  Tiny Riiick!!!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/158-so-today-i-just-wanted
Encouraging Her Journey$Have you ever come across someone who really made you smile? Someone who you really resonated with? I experienced this today and just had to share with everyone as I really believe we need to highlight these things in life. Today I ran into such a wonderful person in a fast food restaurant in Mississauga, Ontario. I was out for nothing more than a coffee run and this lady was truly incredible! Not only did she provide excellent customer service, but she made great conversation during my wait for the coffee, which is something you don't find often at fast food establishments. During our conversation, she mentioned how tough it is to support a family on a retail hourly salary. She said she really wants to go to school and follow her dream one day. She moved to Canada from India and is working hard to raise her family. As the sole income provider for her family, it is tough for her to work full-time, raise a family, and further her education. This topic clearly struck a chord with her and I could see the tears well up in her eyes. I looked her in the eye and told her that she could achieve her goals as long as she stays focused. I wished her luck and told her how great of a person she was before going on my way. This conversation really resonated with me. I could only imagine what it's like to try to support an entire family, work for minimum wage, and still try to achieve your dreams in a country far away from home, while continuing to put on a smile. I decided to do something nice for this lady, no matter how small. I drove to the closest grocery store, took $20 from the ATM and purchased a blank UNICEF greeting card. I placed the $20 in the card and wrote, "I hope this helps on your journey." I continued with an uplifting message and encouraged her to follow her dream and thanked her for the excellent customer service! I sealed the envelope and proceeded back to the restaurant. I immediately flagged her down and she walked over to me. I told her how great my experience was and I hope that she follows her dreams. I handed her the sealed envelope and wished her luck. Her eyes welled up with tears. I walked away and only hoped that when she opens that card she smiles more than she ever has before. Sometimes people just need to know that others exist and we are all going through this journey. The next time someone touches your heart, respond to the feeling with kindness. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/155-encouraging-her-journey
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
My Kind Valentine$Happy Valentine’s Day and Happy International Random Act of Kindness Week!  I've planned to combine the two and, being joined by my helpful nephew Callum, I have all the ingredients for the sweetest Valentine’s Day ever! I’ve been planning this ever since my Random Act of Christmas Kindness. One of my favourite kindness acts so far, I loved choosing what to put inside my festive goodie bags and it gave me such pleasure leaving them on car windscreens at my doctor’s surgery. But most of all I was incredibly moved by a response I received from a lovely lady who received one of these bags. Earlier this morning, Callum and I spread our loot across my bed and then had fun packing 20 kindness goodie bags. Into each clear bag we popped: a red foil-wrapped chocolate heart, a mini packet of Love Heart sweeties, a mini chocolate bar, a highlighter pen, some heart stickers, a handful of heart-shaped jewels, and a feather or two. We wrote kindness messages on my Kindness Cards. Callum carefully wrote "You are amazing!" and added his name and age on a few. We also included a "You Are Loved" card I’d made using one of my favorite nature photos I took last year, with a little explanation about our Random Act of Kindness on the reverse. Excited and ready for action, we drove down to the City Hospital and parked. Although it was freezing, our hearts were warmed as together we placed our kindness bags on the car windscreens. We even had the chance to give one of our kindness bags face-to-face! We spotted a lady heading into the hospital and ran across to hand-deliver a goodie bag. She seemed really happy to receive it. We hope that when the owners returned to their cars after their appointment or visit or work-shift, they will be surprised. And we really hope our little act of kindness will make a few people smile and feel happy, especially on this love-filled day. Last week, I told the Nottingham Post about our little Valentine’s adventure. We were interviewed and snapped by our city’s newspaper while in the midst of our good deed. Here's the link to the feature: http://www.nottinghampost.com/Helen-spreads-kindness-fights-fatigue-condition/story-28733502-detail/story.html We then celebrated with a trip to our local Costa for a well-deserved sugar-loaded treat! What really warms my heart is that Callum wants to take a kindness goodie bag with him into school next week for his ‘show and tell’. My heart is so happy to think that this small act of kindness may help inspire this younger generation to continue the ripple effect of kindness. What a brilliant way to celebrate the start of International Random Act of Kindness Week! My happy for today is being kind by leaving love-filled goodie bags on car windscreens in the hospital car park. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/153-my-kind-valentine
Taking It All For Granted$Yesterday was Valentine's Day and I woke up to -9 degrees outside. Scrolling through social media, I saw that a friend had posted about some things a homeless shelter needed. As I sat in my warm house, I became upset with myself for taking heat for granted. I got dressed and went right to the store. I took all the extra money I had and purchased bags of socks, underwear, gloves, hats, scarves, and snacks and dropped them off to the shelter. I can only hope this brightened someone's day! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/152-taking-it-all-for-granted
Partnering in Kindness$Last December I decided that I needed to do more to spread kindness as the world around me seemed to be so filled with negativity and anger. So, I started a 2015 Random Acts of Kindness (RAK) group and my friends jumped on board. Every day for the month of December, we all found ways to spread kindness. Sometimes it was just opening a door or donating clothes, but we also did a huge baking party with over 30 boxes of cookies and treats that were shared by police departments, county workers, highway workers, and Christmas Tree lot workers. We focued on people who help us, all but may not always feel kindness in return. It was an amazing month and no one wanted it to end, so we have started a 2016 RAK Challenge!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/149-partnering-in-kindness
Honesty Matters$I was at the beach one day. When I came back to my car, I found a big white scratch down the side of it. There was a note on my windscreen apologising for it and providing the phone number of the person responsible. Just the note alone was enough for me to know what I was going to do. I texted the guy straight away and said, "Thank you so much for being honest about running into my car. I won't be asking for any money from you, only that you'll pass the love along!"  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/148-honesty-matters
Story Title Goes Here$Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/147-story-title-goes-here
10 Kindness Ideas To Do With Your Kids$10 Random Acts of Kindness To Do With Your Kids   Celebrate #RAKWeek Feb 14-20 and do one of these pay-it-forward activities with your kiddos. 1. Surprise A Deserving Service-Worker: Think of someone in your community who deserves more appreciation (firefighters, nurses, postal service workers, bus drivers, crossing guards, etc.) and bake them cookies or surprise them with a bouquet of flowers!2. Write a Note of Gratitude: Spend one evening writing a thank you letter to someone who made a difference in your life.3. Create a Kindness Ideas Jar: Ask each family member to write one or more acts of kindness on separate slips of paper. Fold them all up, put them in a jar, and choose one to do each day. 4. Share Your Appreciation: Write a note to each family member, telling them why you appreciate them.5. Pay It Backward: Go to a grocery store, coffee shop, or toll booth and pay for the person behind you.6. Give Compliments: Practice complimenting each person you talk to one day. BONUS: have a contest to see who can compliment the most people.7. Be Kind To Yourself: Take a day to be kind to yourself and spend 30min doing something you really love. 8. Eat Dinner Together: Sit down as family for a meal.9. Play kindness doorbell dash: Together, create a happiness basket for your neighbor. Then, sneak over to their front door, leave the basket, ring the doorbell and run away as fast as you can!10. Donate Some Dough: Give your child $20 and tell them they have to do something for others with it. Creativity is encouraged! For inspiration, watch what 8-year-old Abby did with $25 from her grandma.Check out more #RAKWeek Activities and sign the Kindness Pledge  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/146-10-kindness-ideas-to-do
My first experience with RAK$February 14 - 20, 2016 is designated Random Acts of Kindness week. No, it's not another Hallmark creation to move RAK greeting cards, nor has Laura Secord launched a new line of choccies just in time for RAK. It's a creation brought to my attention by my cousin-in-law, Steffi Black. Kate, Gabriel, Samuel, and I have been the recipients of many acts of kindness, some random, some planned, some probably wholly unintended and undiscovered to the giver. Most of us who have paddled the rapids of a cancer diagnosis will have had a similar experience. Of course, without awareness, we may have had them slip right on by without even noticing. This is my small way to encourage anyone who reads this to pause for a moment to consider how they have been treated kindly and how they might reciprocate. For example, shortly after Kate's diagnosis four years ago, when I was searching for answers and resources I came upon the site, www.facingcancer.ca. Through this discovery, I uncovered a motherload of kindness, compassion and genuine understanding. I was introduced to one of the site's bloggers, Dr. Alexandra Ginty, affectionately given the moniker Vitamin G. She was to become a force for good in our lives. She became a trusted confidante, a source of limitless inspiration, a guide through the dark valleys, and a pathfinder to the peaks of hope and light. She is now Kate's GP and doctor to our boys. Alex is the person you WANT in your corner. A cancer survivor herself, she has shared her story with spirit and openness via her blog (http://www.facingcancer.ca/blogs/bothsides/), a book, her inspiration cards, and through her day-to-day interactions with patients as people! Now she's undergoing more trials as she valiantly fights to stave off a mysterious attack on her body. If you follow her (and I suggest you do), you will gain insight into one remarkable woman's ability to maintain momentum and positivity in the face of challenges that would throw most of us to the ground whimpering for relief. So here's my first random act of kindness: visit her blog, learn about her, and in so doing, keep her in your thoughts and send whatever support and healing vibrations you can summon up in her direction. Alex is one of the good people, folks. She's a treasure. She deserves all of our collective kindness. Do this for her and I promise you will find personal benefit arising in the most unexpected ways. When Katie and the boys were writing a card for her this overcast morning, a rainbow appeared on the surface of the paper. We took this a sign of great karma and evidence of the power of collective thoughts focusing on the well-being of one individual. Thank you Alex just for being you. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/145-my-first-experience-with-rak
The Happiness Ninja$Early one morning in June 2015, I awoke with a fabulous idea: to buy a ninja costume, dress up in it, and conduct random acts of kindness on the streets. I did and continue to still do! My first RAK was in Townsille, North Queensland, Australia. I handed out free bottles of water to people on top of Castle Hill, a popular and local attraction to hike up. I then moved my cause to the beach front. Not only did I hand out the remaining bottles of water, I also gave out free hugs and secretly paid for someone's coffee at a local shop. Since this first ninja stunt, I have done other similar RAKS in other places including: free macrons with inspirational messages on them at Darling Square, Sydney; free fortune cookies with inspirational messages inside them instead of fortunes at Fortitude Valley, Brisbane; free hugs on public transport on Brisbane CBD trains; free chocolates at Kangaroo Point, Brisbane; and inspirational cards in people's letter boxes in the northern suburbs of Brisbane. I have found the variety of reactions quite interesting. Some people are rather rude and either ignore me or reject my product, but that is okay as what I am doing is triggering something uncomfortable inside them. I do not personalise this or take offense in any way. Most people absolutely love it and are so friendly and inviting, but there are a few who need a little encouragement to approach me or accept my gifts or hugs. Usually my winning smile is enough though! I absolutely love what I do. I have been in 6 papers and 2 radio stations so far. I will continue to do a variety of RAKs with whatever I can get my hands on. To minimise the cost for me, I encourage businesses to either sponsor me or provide their products for me to give away as a joint promotion. I am currently looking for sponsorship for a new custom-made ninja suit in more breathable material. The sponsor can display their business logo and website on my costume. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/143-the-happiness-ninja
RANDOM WORD OF KINDNESS by Donna Fentanes$Valentine’s Day is Sunday. Isn’t that a great holiday? A holiday dedicated to showing our loved ones how much they mean to us. We have St. Valentine, an early Christian martyr, to thank for it. His letter to a young girl, before he was executed, is one of the alleged origins of this day. Valentine’s Day, now, for the most part, is a lovers’ day. That’s nice, if you have a partner. The point of this column, though, is not lovers’ love, but friend love, family love, or just general love. Love expressed in kind words. Years ago, I used to attend a little prayer meeting with some other parents from the school my kids were attending at the time. I couldn’t make it to one of the meetings and had texted my friend telling her why I couldn’t make it. She texted back, “OK, sweetness.” Wow, I thought at the time, isn’t that nice! I texted her back and told her I love it when she talks like that. Another instance around the same time, at the Canned Food Store in Redwood City, we were waiting in line, and a clerk opened up her window, and said to me, “I can take you over here, honey.” I just lit up. I love when folks talk to me like that. Don’t you? I love these terms of endearment; but unfortunately, I do not use them as often as I should, or as often as I’d like. My friend, the store clerk and many others I continually come in contact with are steeped in this kind of kindness, and not only are their words dripping with this divine quality, but so are their mannerisms and their countenances. I have another friend who is the epitome of optimism and joy. I cannot comment on anything on Facebook or say anything that she doesn’t give me a positive and joyful response. I adore this characteristic, and this friend. Unfortunately, growing up, these expressions didn’t flow readily. My ability to use these delightful demonstrations of affection is somewhat underdeveloped. I grew up in a household where profanity was the vernacular and “survival of the fittest” was the motto. No meek shall inherit the earth, no turning the other cheek or any other teaching from CCD. Sweet nothings were as foreign a language as Uzbek and crying was anathema. So one of my Valentine’s Day resolutions will be to be more affectionate with my kids, my family and my friends, even to be affectionate and kind to some of the scurrilous among us. Now, this is hard and uncomfortable because I’m not use to it, but I’ll try. For my friends, the store clerk and the others I have met, their random words of kindness come spontaneously from within. For me, for a time, I must practice deliberate words of kindness and hope that this habit will become spontaneous too. Remember, according to a Chinese proverb: “a bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives roses.” Aw, sweetness! http://fromtheshoe.com/2016/02/10/random-words-of-kindness/  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/142-random-word-of-kindness-by
Breakfast for nolan$We woke up early when mommy and daddy were asleep. We were starving, so I would make a waffle for Nolan and a waffle for me. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/141-breakfast-for-nolan
The act of kindness that I never expected$I was out shopping for my dad. She let me go by myself, so that meant I could listen to my music on my phone. Depressing, ~sad~ music. I was very depressed, thinking that the world was completely messed up and generally feeling really sad and worried. I arrived at the shopping centre and went to buy what my dad told me to (2 packs of dishwasher tablets and kitchen paper). Then I went out of the shop, carrying everything in my hands (I will not be paying 5p extra for plastic bag), wanting to get to the nearest bench to put shopping in my backpack. I put my backpack on the bench together with the shopping and proceeded with barely fitting the kitchen paper into my backpack. Then, a small boy (probably 7-10yrs) picked picked up the dishwasher tablets. I started to panik and was about to ask him why he is taking my stuff. But just before I asked him what he was doing, he helped me pack the dishwasher tablets into my backpack. I thanked him afterwards and went. This literally made my day and I kept me smiling for at least another 2-3 days. I was confused, because why would someone be kind without a motive, but then I understood that humanity is too quick to make assumptions. This random act of kindness from a small boy whom I didn't even know, made me genuinely happy, which I haven't been for ages and I started to get out of the black spiral that was my ~sadness~. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/139-the-act-of-kindness-that
AWESOME! OUT OF THE MOUTH' OF BABES!! $https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtCxjMdE5dM&feature=youtu.be $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/138-awesome-out-of-the-mouth
BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU ASK FOR$ I had purchased   an article from a catalog that turned out to be the wrong size. I went to  the  post office to return the package and I overheard the clerk say she would like  some pizza. The clerk was very friendly and helpful by telling me I would save a lot of money if I use a return label. I wanted to do something for her to show how much I appreciated her assistance and courteousness. I then remembered that she wanted some pizza so I  went to the nearest  pizza place and bought her a pizza coupon.She was so surprised and all I could say is - "be careful what ask for you just might get it! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/137-be-careful-what-you-ask
Changing the way you fight cancer, one plan at a time$Hello! My name is Sharon Kim and after my mom passed away from cancer, I quit my job to dedicate my life to creating a tool that would help those that are still in this fight.  God has blessed me with this tremendous opportunity to bring a one of a kind cancer planner called CanPlan to life, and I have already begun to touch so many lives. I recently launched a video about my cancer story on social media, and within 1 week it generated over 15,000 views. People have been emailing me from around the world to share their cancer story with me and it is the most self rewarding feeling I have ever experienced. Today, I'd like to share this story with you in hopes that it will continue to inspire/motivate others to spread cancer awareness & to use their pain for something greater. https://youtu.be/xezvOLcPe48 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/135-changing-the-way-you-fight
Gave a free coffee away$I purchased my coffee for the day, and found that I had a free coffee on my reward card, so gave it to the next person in line. She was surprised and excited and thanked me. Very random but worth the smile from the other customer $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/134-gave-a-free-coffee-away
GIVING A DOLLAR SAVES BRIGHT NEEDY STUDENTS IN KENYA.$I started an initiative within our organization on affordable quality education in our local area dubbed 100 charity club derived from  a  Ksh. 100.00 is equivalent to 1 US$.  People contribute a dollar to educate poor children in secondary school after 8 years of primary education. With such acts of kindness from people around the world we have been able to educate 7 girls currently in secondary school and 5 more girls to join form one. You may not believe it but one student needs 750 US$ per year for 4 years to complete his/her secondary education to join the university. We only identify bright needy students from poor  backgrounds for this scholarship and it has always worked for all of us involved. Therefore i believe that the acts of kindness can change the lives of these children as they compete with children from rich families. A DOLLAR CAN EDUCATE A CHILD................... $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/133-giving-a-dollar-saves-bright
Thank you$I would like to thank Whitespace yoga studio for their random act of kindness this morning. We were given a surprise gift, to reward our dedication to improving the quality of our lives through breathing: our most readily accessible resource. The gift was a delicious "Conscious" organic raw chocolate attached to a #RAKtag. This is how I discovered the random acts of kindness foundation and I am grateful ❤️ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/132-thank-you
Keeping People Dry$I carry plastic ponchos in my car plus I had some yellow rubber raincoats from my father in law's  things after her died.  I took them down to the Community Kitchen on a rainy day and gave them out to people who were getting soaked. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/129-keeping-people-dry
The beginning of #FastPositivity$I am originally from Minot, ND and am 27 years old. I used to battle anxiety and it was so bad that I was afraid to be in my own house when night came. My husband and I lost our house to the Minot flood in 2011 and lived in a fema trailer for a year while we rebuilt. I used to NOT be a positive person and would many times see all the bad and not the good in things. This all changed last fall when I came up with the idea to write a book to reach my idol, Ellen DeGeneres. I wrote, edited and self-published via create space in 4 weeks and received some harsh 1-star reviews. Then I thought to myself, what can I do to start something big in Minot. I came up with Fast Positivity and launched it on Facebook on December, 30th 2015. The purpose is to bring our community together with more diversity without the fear of being judged by age, weight, race, job title, or income. Also, to recognize kind and inspiring individuals in the Minot area who are struggling themselves but you would never know unless you asked. Also, I wish to spread positivity, be a leader, and motivate others to follow their dreams. I feel as though so many people wait to do things because of fear or because of other's opinions. I am no longer afraid of what people think of me because I finally believe in myself! Right now, I am recognizing 1 person a week and sharing their stories on my website, and Facebook page. I have received several donations from others who are inspired and can't wait to see the effect of it all!!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/128-the-beginning-of-fastpositivity
Saved From the Freezing Walk$Yesterday morning, as I was driving home on the icy streets and the temperature being in the low 20s, I saw a kid walking. He was only wearing a sweater and was completely red, rubbing his hands together for warmth. I noticed he was wearing a McDonalds hat. I drove past because, with how the world is, nothing is safe anymore. But as I pulled on to my block, I thought of how, if it were me, a ride to work would make my entire week. So I turned around and pulled up next to him and said, "Would you like a ride? You look incredibly cold. I see you're going to McDonalds and I wouldn't mind taking you." He said "Yes, please! Thank you so much!" During the drive, we talked a bit. He said he was cold because his jacket was still a little wet out of the wash. He was in high school and was walking at 7:30 am to work! What dedication! I blasted the heat and made sure he got warmed up. Maybe now this young kid, our future generation, will grow up knowing there are kind people in the world. Maybe he will even turn out to be one of them just because I took my time to be kind.  Show people that kindness and generosity exists. You don't have to buy them things or give them money. Actions always go straight to the heart. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/127-saved-from-the-freezing-walk
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Warming the Homeless$I was going to Disney On Ice this past week with my mom and sister. When we got close to the parking garage, I noticed a homeless man sitting by a light pole. My mom and sister looked out and him and said he was holding a sign, but we were unsure of what it said since he was facing away from us. We've been cleaning out the house and donating a lot of clothes to the homeless and battered women's shelters around Central Ohio and my mom asked if I had any of those clothes in my trunk. Unfortunately I didn't, but I did have my emergency blanket in my backseat and knew this could help save this man as it was only going to be 28 degrees that night. I took the blanket to give to the man, but couldn't find him, so I took it inside with us. When we came back out after the show, the man was sitting by another light pole with the sign that read, "Homeless Anything Helps." I quickly walked over and placed the blanket around his back and his response was, "God bless." I walked away with tears in my eyes because I couldn't help but know I had helped this man, no matter how little, in some impactful way. When we drove by, we looked out and the man had pulled the blanket fully around him and was curled up inside. It was one of my most precious memories in being able to help someone I've ever had. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/126-warming-the-homeless
Mia Chanel DeJesus$The story of Mia Chanel DeJesus motivated me to find something good to do and share with the world.  Mia you are brave and beautiful to take your story public. I believe in kindness and even when people are mean I will still be kind.  It's not easy, but you will show the way to those who are lost. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/122-mia-chanel-dejesus
The Streets of New York$On this hot Monday morning in New York City as my routine always is, I got up early, got dressed, got on my train heading downtown, and was off to work. For having been in the city only a few months, I’ve picked up an astounding amount of traits that distinguish New Yorkers from the rest of the world. A professional at dodging through the agonizingly slow tourists, speed-walking in heels, and accumulating what some might call an unhealthy addiction to coffee, there is one trait that I’ve managed to pick up that absolutely anyone who lives in any city knows all too well: the ability to ignore homeless people. On every corner and sidewalk, subway station and train stop, they sit in their uniform filthy cloths and rancid perfume, their sad eyes pistols shooting at your heartstrings. But under nearly every New Yorker’s black and white or grey outfit is a bullet-proof vest. Grown from within, emerging from our skin, this armor makes our humanity unreachable by our daily encounters. On our way to work, taking our children to school, or going to the grocery store, we pass these human beings that we often mistake for rats in the streets. One Monday, just as any other day, I got off my train at 34th Street: Penn Station. Climbing out of the underground, I pick up my speed. Like horses, my heels clacking as they make contact with the gum-stained sidewalk. As I begin to pass the old US Post Office, out of the corner of my eye I see movement. I slow just enough to notice an old man, dark skin and grey hair. He wears a torn suit stained with what was probably dust and dirt from the ground he slept on that night. His brittle hands clung to a walker, his back crooked; this man was too weak to even lift his head so that I might see his piercing eyes. Without noticing it, my feet were still moving, rushing to get to work on time. A moment later I passed the fruit stand man, whom I may add I had quite a distaste for. His rudeness and pushiness was enough to get on anyone’s nerves. But for a brief moment I struggled with myself, debating whether or not to halt my seemingly uncontrollable feet. Time running out to decide as I moved closer to the stand, the jockey in me tugged at the reigns and the clicking of my heels stopped. In a rushed daze I asked how much for a banana and I handed the man fifty cents, turned on my toes, and rushed back to the old man who could barely move. Gently I held out the banana to him, and his brittle fingers slowly grasped it. For the first time, his head lifted so that his eyes might look into mine, my armor ready for the blow. But not one bullet hit. His pistols were nothing but empty black holes, without life or movement. His body shook as he used every ounce of his nonexistent strength to whisper the words, “Thank you.” With a knot in my throat and my eyesight beginning to blur, I gently moved back and turned to release my horses out of the gate. Since that day, I do not often pass a homeless person without first buying them a meal. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/120-the-streets-of-new-york
August 3, 2015$On this hot Monday morning in New York City, as my routine requested, I got up early, got dressed, got on my train heading downtown and was off to work. For having been here only a few months I’ve picked up an astounding amount of traits that distinguish New Yorkers from the rest of the world. A professional at dodging through the agonizingly slow tourists, speed walking in heels, and accumulating what some might call unhealthy addiction to coffee, there is one trait that I’ve managed to pick up that absolutely anyone who lives in any city knows all too well: the ability to ignore homeless people. On every corner and sidewalk, subway station and train stop, they sit in their uniform filthy cloths and rancid perfume, their sad eyes pistols shooting at your heartstrings. But under nearly every New Yorker’s black and white or grey outfit is a bullet proof vest. Grown from within, emerging from our skin, this armor makes our humanity unreachable by our daily encounters. On our way to work, taking our children to school, going to the grocery store, we pass these human beings that we often mistaken for rats in the streets. One Monday, just as any other, I got off my train at 34th Street: Penn Station. Climbing out of the underground I pick up my speed. Like horses, my heels clacking as they make contact with the gum stained sidewalk. As I begin to pass the old US Post Office (or Mount Olympus as I like to call it), out of the corner of my eye I see movement. I slow just enough to notice an old man, dark skin and grey hair. He wears a torn suit stained with what was probably dust and dirt from the ground he slept on that night. His brittle hands clung to a walker, he back crooked, this man was too weak to even lift his head so that I might see his piercing eyes. Without noticing it, my feet were still moving, rushing to get to work on time. A moment later I passed the fruit stand man, whom I may add I had quite a distaste for. His rudeness and pushiness was enough to get on anyone’s nerves. But or a brief moment I struggled with myself, debating whether or not to halt my seemingly uncontrollable feet.  Time running out to decide as I moved closer to the stand, the jockey in me tugged at the reigns and the clicking of my heels stopped. In a rushed daze I asked how much for a banana and I handed the man fifty cents, turned on my toes and rushed back to the old man who could barely move. Gently I held out the banana to him, and his brittle fingers slowly grasped it. For the first time his head lifted so that his eyes might look into mine, my armor ready for the blow. But not one bullet hit. His pistols were nothing but empty black holes, without life or movement. His body shook as he used every ounce of his nonexistent strength to whisper the words “thank you.” With a knot in my throat and my eyesight beginning to blur, I gently moved back and turned to release my horses out of the gate. Since this day, I do not often pass a homeless person without first buying them a meal.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/118-august-3-2015
Hug a Stranger$Back in November, my husband was taking treatments at the hospital twice a day. One day I dropped him off and went to park the car. As I was walking into the hospital a lady was leaving. She had an odd look on her face but was composed. As I walked up to her, for some reason I asked her if she minded me giving her a hug. As I hugged her, she broke down, starting to cry and said, "I just lost my husband." I have no clue who she was, nor why I felt the need to hug her, but I hope it helped. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/115-hug-a-stranger
Passing It On$My first experience of someone sharing a random act of kindness with our family was in the drive-thru of Tim Hortons. We pulled up and took our dozen donuts from the cashier. She then told us that the car in front of us had already paid for our order! I was speechless! My kids and I decided to do the same for the car behind us and carried the RAK forward. That was several years ago, but randomly we'll buy the car's dinner behind us and smile knowing we've done something positive and unexpected to make someone else's day go a bit easier. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/114-passing-it-on
50 Ideas for Random Acts of Kindness Week$Feb 14-20 is Random Acts of Kindness Week, #RAKWeek! Quick! Pick a number 1-50 Got it? Now scroll down to that Kindness Idea and do it! Better yet, pick 7 and do 1 each day of #RAKWeek!   50 Fun Random Acts of Kindness Week Ideas: 1. Pay it Backward: buy coffee for the person behind you in line. 2. Compliment the first three people you talk to today. 3. Send a positive text message to five different people right now. 4. Post inspirational sticky notes around your neighborhood, office, school, etc. 5. Tell someone they dropped a dollar (even though they didn’t). Then give them a dollar. 6. Donate old towels or blankets to an animal shelter. 7. Say hi to the person next to you on the elevator. 8. Surprise a neighbor with freshly baked cookies or treats! 9. Let someone who only has a few items go in front of you in line. 10. Leave a gas gift card at a gas pump. 11. Throw a party to celebrate someone just for being who they are, which is awesome. 12. Have a LinkedIn account? Write a recommendation for coworker or connection. 13. Leave quarters at the laundromat. 14. Encounter someone in customer service who is especially kind? Take an extra five minutes to tell their manager. 15. Leave unused coupons next to corresponding products in the grocery store. 16. Leave a note on someone’s car telling them how awesome they parked. 17. Try to make sure every person in a group conversation feels included. 18. Write a kind message on your mirror with a dry erase marker for yourself, your significant other, or a family member. 19. Place a positive body image note in jean pockets at a department store. 20. Smile at five strangers. 21. Set an alarm on your phone to go off at three different times during the day. In those moments, do something kind for someone else. 22. Send a gratitude email to a coworker who deserves more recognition. 23. Practice self-kindness and spend 30 minutes doing something you love today. 24. Give away stuff for free on Craig’s List. 25. Write a gratitude list in the morning and again in the evening. 26. Know parents who could use a night out? Offer to babysit for free. 27. Hold up positive signs for traffic or in a park for people exercising outside! 28. Return shopping carts for people at the grocery store. 29. Buy a plant. Put it in a terracotta pot. Write positive words that describe a friend on the pot. Give it to that friend! 30. Write a positive comment on your favorite blog, website, or a friend’s social media account. 31. Have a clean-up party at a beach or park. 32. While you’re out, compliment a parent on how well-behaved their child is. 33. Leave a kind server the biggest tip you can afford. 34. When you’re throwing something away on the street, pick up any litter around you and put that in the trash too. 35. Pay the toll for the person behind you. 36. Put 50 paper hearts in a box. On each cutout write something that is special about your partner or a friend. Give them the box and tell them to pull out a heart anytime they need a pick-me-up. 37. Everyone is important. Learn the names of your office security guard, the person at the front desk, and other people you see every day. Greet them by name. Also say “hello” to strangers and smile. These acts of kindness are so easy and they almost always make people smile! 38. Write your partner a list of things you love about them. 39. Purchase extra dog or cat food and take it to an animal shelter. 40. Find opportunities to give compliments. It costs nothing, takes no time, and could make someone’s entire day. Don’t just think it. Say it. 41. Take flowers or treats to the nurses’ station at your nearest hospital. 42. Keep an extra umbrella at work so you can lend it out when it rains. 43. Send a ‘Thank You’ card or note to the officers at your local police or fire station. 44. Take muffins or cookies to your local librarians. 45. Run an errand for a family member who is busy. 46. Leave a box of goodies in your mailbox for your mail carrier. 47. Tape coins around a playground for kids to find. 48. Put your phone away while in the company of others. 49. Email or write to a former teacher who made a difference in your life. 50. When you hear that discouraging voice in your head, tell yourself something positive. You deserve kindness too!   For more information and to sign the #Pledge2BeKind, visit www.randomactsofkindness.org/rakweek2016    $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/113-50-ideas-for-random-acts
100 Cans for 100 Days$Our kindergarten students here at West Bainbridge Elementary School in Bainbridge, GA participated in the "100 Cans for 100 Days" on the 100th  Day of School.  Our students collected over 100 cans and they donated them to two local food banks. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/111-100-cans-for-100-days
Serving the Platypus$Most Autism parents can relate to what I call "the short list". This is a mental list of restaurants where we can go as a family and actually ENJOY ourselves. This is not to say restaurants post a "no special needs allowed" sign outside their door but, from what we've witnessed, they might as well. This story is not about the long list of restaurants we don't go to; it's about one more restaurant that every autism parent should add to their short list. Braeden is a 7-year-old boy on the Autism spectrum and Perry is a 14-inch plush platypus.Together, they're best friends. Braeden, Perry, and myself set out in our hometown of Media, Pennsylvania, in search of brunch. We found ourselves at a familiar, yet relatively new restaurant, Bittersweet Kitchen. Braeden ordered chocolate chip pancakes and bacon, and began to place Perry's order when I interrupted and laughed to the waitress. Not long after our food came, so did Perry's. I sat there and watched the smile spread across Braeden's face, as I held back tears. I thanked the waitress and the owner for their kindness and left. Sitting at home later that night after Braeden and Perry were fast asleep, I couldn't help but feel completely overwhelmed with emotions. I thought about how the waitress may never know what she did for Braeden; what may have seemed like a small act of kindness to her was everything to him. As an Autism parent, all we really want is acceptance: for us, for our family, and for our child with autism. Autism is as sweet as it is bitter. Some days are very defeating, but then you find the days where you don't need to search for it, where acceptance greets you at the door and serves a stuffed platypus a meal. Those are the moments worth sharing, a day you'll always remember, and a restaurant worth the short list. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/110-serving-the-platypus
60 Seconds to Kindness$Who is the Kindness Junkie and why did she start 60 Seconds to Kindness? I'm Tae and I've overcome 25 years of physical and personal challenges. At the age of 27, doctors discovered a congenital kidney defect which resulted in surgery on both kidneys, lifelong impairment to kidney function, and the inability to carry a baby. Then came three surgeries to remove pre-cancerous cells from my cervix; two short marriages ending in divorce; the loss of my mother to aggressive, painful cancer; and finally, being diagnosed with a chronic illness at the age of 44, which left me disabled and unable to work. When you have a chronic illness where you involuntarily sleep 10-12 hours a day and can barely lift your head off the pillow, sadness, despair, and self-pity begin to permeate your every thought. Soon, days turned into weeks, then months, then years, and it became apparent that the life of the formally vivacious, active, “Type A”, driven career woman would be changed for good. From a young age we are taught to get good grades, go to college, get a high-paying job, and climb the corporate ladder to achieve the American dream. But what happens when you are suddenly no longer capable of that? You feel like a failure and as though you no longer have a purpose in life. WHY ME??? During times of struggle, it’s natural for a person to think “Why me?” or “What is the point of living like this?” or “What do I have to offer the world?” Admittedly, there were dark days when thoughts of suicide seemed like the only way to end the pain and feelings of low self-esteem, lack of purpose, and value to others. Being bed-bound on the worst days and house-bound on the good ones did not help. When any physical, emotional, or mental stress put me back in bed, life looked pretty bleak. While healthy, I was an avid volunteer helping the elderly, the handicapped, and pet rescue organizations. In order to pull myself out of my despair, I realized getting back to helping others might be the key.I began to volunteer with a local hospice organization. Although it was often difficult to maintain the 1-2 hour weekly commitment due to my illness, the time spent giving to someone in a less fortunate position made me grateful for what I still possessed. GIVE BACK I began practicing acts of kindness to everyone I came into contact with: a customer service agent on the telephone, a grocery store clerk, a stranger on the street. I realized that no matter what someone might be going through in life, everyone was put on this planet for a purpose. Perhaps my purpose was not to raise the bottom line of a corporation’s profits, but to raise the consciousness of others to spread kindness in the world! I now blog about my journey to finding my purpose as the Kindness Junkie. I share inspiring stories and quotes on my Facebook page and website and I'm working on a book about kindness due out later this year. www.60SecondsToKindness.com $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/107-60-seconds-to-kindness
Penpals with Kiddos$Send a letter or card in the mail to a child (your own child, niece, nephew, grandchild, or godchild). They love to get mail and it will brighten their day! Do you remember when you were a kid and your job was to go down to the mailbox to collect the mail? I do! I was always so excited and couldn’t understand why my parents didn’t feel the same way. Little did I realize that it was mostly bills and advertisements at the time! I just remember hoping to find something with my name on it. Come on, admit it: didn’t you do the same thing? With this in mind, I started sending my 10-year-old niece random cards and letters in the mail. She’s too young to have an email address or a telephone, so this is a good way for us to keep in touch. The first card she received from me was a huge surprise! My sister said it made her day. She couldn’t stop smiling and talked about it right up until her bed time. I sent her a small Halloween card and stickers this week. I know she will get a huge grin on her face when she sees her name on the envelope! If you don’t already, consider sending the children in your life a card or note for holidays other than their birthday. It will certainly surprise them and put a smile on their face if they receive a card for Groundhog Day or Fourth of July! In my first card, I asked my niece to become pen-pals. I have to say, when I open the mailbox I feel like a kid again waiting for something special with my name on it! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/106-penpals-with-kiddos
Buying Groceries$If you have an elderly neighbor, stop by on your way to the grocery store and ask if you can bring them anything they might need. My neighbor, a single elderly woman in her late 70’s who walked with a cane, was rear-ended in a traffic accident. Although she was shaken and sore, she would be okay after undergoing a few weeks of physical therapy for injuries to her neck and back. Her car, on the other hand, was not in good shape. It was in the shop for over a week until the insurance company ruled it as a "total loss". Her nephew began the hunt for a used car, one she could afford and that was large enough to get into and out of with her ongoing hip problems. While she was able to get a community transportation service to take her to physical therapy during the three weeks that followed, she had no way of getting to the grocery store. Noticing this, I offered to pick up some groceries for her on my weekly shopping trip. Not wanting to be a bother, she only asked me to buy her some bread and milk. I assured her it was not an inconvenience and that I was happy to help. I insisted she needed fresh fruit, vegetables, canned goods, and protein as well. Her items only filled one extra bag and were not difficult for me to collect while I was buying the same things. I will never forget the look of gratitude on her face when I brought them to her door. Take a moment to observe your neighbors and see if there is a need you can fill. You will be flooded with good feelings and the satisfaction of helping another. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/105-buying-groceries
Mom Turned Kindness Advocate$Veronica Mollica, Cyber Security Recruiter More than anything else in the world, kindness matters most to me.  Everything we think, say, and do matters; the choice to be kind, moment-to-moment, affects how we feel.  As a mom, I am always looking for ways to teach my kids the profound power of kind thoughts toward themselves, kind words towards others, and kind actions towards family, friends, classmates, and strangers.  Kindness also has an amazing win-win effect, because you think you are doing good for others, but you end up benefiting in the process! Since our kids spend so much time at school and with their peers, I was inspired to create a “Kindness Matters” program at their school and in our community which focuses on cultivating a "Culture of Kindness” 365 days a year. We aspire to create deeper, respectful connections in our families, schools, workplaces, and communities and inspire one another to live from a place of love, empathy, compassion, acceptance, and celebration of each other’s differences, and generosity and stewardship of one another’s spirits.  Instead of focusing on anti-bullying campaigns and culturally accepting that name calling, teasing, and put downs as a “normal”, albeit perplexing, way for kids to feel significant, powerful, and in control, it is my sincere hope that we can teach kids at home and at school that there are much more positive and deeply fulfilling ways to feel good about themselves, feel empowered, and become leaders. The way to do this is to uplift, encourage, and believe in one another, and NEVER, EVER tear each other down. I believe that the best way to realize our full potential is to raise our collective consciousness by embracing that we are all connected and that kindness toward ourselves, others, animals, the planet, and all living thing is the path to peace and happiness. We must let this awareness guide all of our decisions and the ways we interact with one another. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/103-mom-turned-kindness-advocate
Light someone' day$I have always liked doing more for people because I believe God did not bring us into the world to walk around in heels and just drive expensive cars, we are blessed to be a blessing...and I know for sure that I am here today because someone was kind enough to pay for my college fees because my mom could not afford to and because of that I am truly grateful and that's my story  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/102-light-someone-day
CLOSE THE COMPANY $TO COMMIT RANDOM ACTS OF KINDNESS!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/101-close-the-company
Raising Funds and Food$For about a year now, I've been helping out a Philadelphia soup kitchen called Grace Cafe. It's run by the Arch Street United Methodist Church in central Philly. I found out about it through a Philadelphia volunteering website. I was hooked on it from the first time I went. They give out around 200 meals every Sunday to those who need it. They are entirely donation-funded and volunteer run. Usually I go and do dishes there, but I realized I could help more by fundraising to buy ingredients and then actually make the dinner. So that's what I did; twice, in fact! In May 2015 and then November 2015, my friends and I raised funds through social media to pay for all the ingredients need to make 200 dinners. A few friends and I helped to make the dinner, serve, and clean up, too. I've come to feel like the other volunteers there are an extended family. I'm accepted there even though I'm not part of their church. We're united by the purpose of helping our community. I still am there as many Sundays as I can make it, and I'm planning to fund/make another dinner for them in April. http://archstreetumc.org/what-we-do/ministry/grace-cafe/ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/100-raising-funds-and-food
Love through RAK$Had the privilege of doing a RAK with a small  group of people from our Church this past Christmas.  We randomly paid for people's groceries...best thing I've done in a while!  We meet once a week to show love through some kind of RAK toward those who live in our Hartland community.  💕 $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/99-love-through-rak
Feeding homeless in Seattle$Hi everyone,  There is nothing like the joy of giving. And who deserves act of kindness than the ones more misfortune than us?  I am planning to start a new tradition - picking up 20-30 buns (with meat, veggies, and custard) from international district on Saturday at 3pm, and to have a nice walk to Westlake area and give away the buns to homeless.  The buns cost as low as 70 cents each, and 2-3 of them could be a good   way to feed a few people. Please feel free to send me an email if you want to join in at marinna19@yahoo.com Marina $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/95-feeding-homeless-in-seattle
Story #1$Today  while I was shopping at Sam's (it's like Walmart) a random employee came up to me, gave me a rose  and said," I think you should have this and walked away. " This made me feel so happy and good.  The earth is a wonderful and full of kind people!!!!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/94-story-1
Coffee for my Customer$I am a banker and recently had an elderly woman come in who had overdrawn her account by $6.25. She wanted to correct the overdraft and began counting her change. I heard her mention that she had wanted to buy coffee with her change. I deposited her money, gave her a receipt, and then I asked her to wait one minute. I took $5.00 from my purse and gave it to her. I told her to please enjoy her cup of coffee on me. She smiled and said, "Thank you so much." Because of that act, my manager now keeps a supply of Dunkin' Donuts gift cards on hand for us to distribute to all who need a little pick me up. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/91-coffee-for-my-customer
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
Coffee$I am a banker and recently had an elderly woman come in who had overdrawn her account by $6.25.  She wanted to correct the overdraft and began counting her change.  I heard her mention that she had wanted to buy coffee with her change.  I deposited her money, gave her a receipt and then I asked her to wait one minute.  I took $5.00 from my purse and gave it to her.  I told her to please enjoy her cup of coffee on me.  She smiled and said, "Thank you so much."  Because of that act, my manager now keeps a supply of Dunkin Donuts gift cards on hand for us to distribute to all who need a little pick me up. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/89-coffee
Kindness: The Snowball Effect$There was a man that walked down the street every day with a hard hat on and his lunchpailin hand, headed to work. One day, a lady stopped and asked why he had to walk to work every day. The man explained that he did not have a driver's license because he had bad eye sight. The woman gave the man a ride to work. While driving him to work, she explained to him that she worked for the Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) and that he might qualify for a waiver to possibly get his driver's license.The next day the man went to the DMV to get the paperwork for his doctor.  He took it to his eye doctor and within two weeks has had his driver's license Since that time, the man was able to go to college, finish his education, secure a good job, buy a home, and give his children the life that he wanted them to have. About 15 years later, the man was at a soccer game with his friends, watching his children play soccer, when a friend introduced her mother. The man turned around and recognized the mother as the lady that stopped to pick him up. Tears came to the man's eyes as he recognized her. He said, "That's not your mother; that was my guardian angel!" The Man gave the woman a hug. He explained to the woman that he never thought that he would ever really have the ability to buy a home,nor to take care of children in a manner in which they should be cared for, because of the inability to get good work without a driver's license. He told her of the major changes that she had helped start in his life by allowing him to get a good job. The Man periodically sends messages to the woman, explaining to her how important she is to him in his life and how her simple random act of kindness changed his life for the better. She simply provided means to a life that he thought he would never be able to have. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/86-kindness-the-snowball-effect
me. $I am a junior in high school and I'm sixteen years old. I know what it feels like to be bullied, depressed, and anxiety filled. I know what it feels like to be not good enough or below average, most, if not all of the people at school never failed to remind me. I get it, and I want to help everyone that has ever felt like this become a happier and a better person. I am Taylor Coronado and I joined the Random Acts of Kindness because I no longer want to feel like less of a human.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/85-me
A Father and Son Change The World Through Music$My blind and autistic son, Pauly, is my motivation and "Hero". Since Pauly cannot see and talk, we've relied on music to soothe and calm him. I know firsthand the power and happiness that music gives to Pauly and we want to bring that same joy to others. My son has inspired me to start "Pauly's Project," which distributes 1000s of radios to LA's homeless community of Skid Row. Pauly and I collect donations from family and friends to purchase radios and we hit the streets to hand them out. A simple radio can bring the homeless the empowerment of music, news, and sports and connect them back to society. Pauly is loved by so many in the streets and, despite his disabilities, is showing a true act of kindness. I was blessed with a true angel, "Pauly". He may not realize it, but he is touching so many lives on a daily basis. I will keep "Pauly's Project" going on my son's behalf and though we have our life challenges he shows me the true meaning of COURAGE...I LOVE YOU SON!!!"     To find out more information visit www.paulysproject.org $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/84-a-father-and-son-change
Changing The World One Coffee At a Time$My name is John M. Sweeney. I’m the founder and Chief Kindness Officer of a worldwide social movement called Suspended Coffees.  I’m a misfit, a Kindness Coach, a storyteller, and a teacher of kindness.  For me, kindness has not only changed my life, it's also saved it.  Three years ago I was depressed, alone, and thinking my life was worthless when I read about the simple idea of Suspended Coffees. Up until this point in my life, I’d been bullied almost everywhere I went and made to feel worthless. My teachers used to bully me and other kids bullied me to the point of it almost costing me my life. Yet, since the day I was born, all I’ve ever wanted to do was make people happy, make people smile, help people, and be kind to others; it's always been my purpose in life.  Since the beginning of this movement, I've had a dream of connecting the world through kindness. Yes we’re all about buying coffee for others, but the real heart of the movement is connecting the world with kindness. See, kindness really does make the world a better place. There is no situation on this earth that it wouldn't improve. Kindness has changed my life and the lives of so many others. One such lady just emailed me yesterday, saying she has almost died three times in the last seven months, but she’s been able to laugh and smile because of the message we’re spreading. She’s learned to be kind to her doctors and nurses, which has resulted in them treating her with even more kindness. They actually look forward to coming in to see her. I know that has a positive impact on other patients as well, because when they leave her, they feel better. She’s one of many.  I believe the world needs more kindness, but also, we need to be kind to ourselves. It's the thing we struggle with the most, yet it's the most important part of our lives because our lives actually depend on it. During a recent interview I gave, I was asked how I measure the impact of all the kindness I put out into the world. My answer was simple - you can't, you can't measure the impact of a kind act because its reach is far greater than we can imagine, and it's more impactful than we ever dare to dream.   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/83-changing-the-world-one-coffee
bullying madness it never stops$I had a friend and by the same bully she got name called and bothered by everyone in class to make her go faster and now also they keep doing it and she feels hurt and doesn't do a thing about it how odd $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/82-bullying-madness-it-never-stops
bullying madness $one time a girl that was doing very well in school but then a boy started making fun of her name then signs then the girl told the teacher but then the boy said she should of stayed QUIET and none of this would ever happen the girl stood up   and tell a grown up and felt as happy as she could be $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/81-bullying-madness
My Story$In India, being the first born to an ambitious father, always looked up to him, observing the discipline, values and honesty.  Could see him multiply his fortune rapidly.  At age 14, I was subjected to see my father’s almost mutilated body, stabbed brutally by his business partners.  Raised by a single uneducated mother since then, could see the struggle she endured to cope up with the business my father left for her. Could understand the mental stress my only brother who is younger than I am, was going thru. Witnessed the emotional stresses, sudden outbursts, aggressive episodes, depressive modes, gender bias and insecurity that my mother went thru, being the subject for venting out.  Many times, checking and making sure my mom was breathing while she curled up with stomach pain, as she was an ulcer patient, and wanting to get out of my insecurity, chose to get married to my husband in an arranged marriage, on my twentieth birthday. Moved to United States, with my three year old daughter and husband. Built my home, my career and my life. After eight years of software engineering, shifted career from a software manager to a business owner. Today, I own my own company, a diamond jewelry boutique, with which I am trying to help children from under privileged communities with their education. Specially, I am focusing on mentoring them. After all, the emotional security is what a child needs desperately. When I look back and see, I understand that for kindness to prevail, we need patience and compassion, which were my weapons to cope up and are my strengths to thrive.  Live, Love, Laugh ☺  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/80-my-story
Duckory - The Lost Toy$I'm the chairperson of our local school's PTA. One of my team members has a great relationship with our local recycling centre and they keep soft toys for her. These toys go in our Christmas Fayre Soft Toy Tombola. Last week I was going through a huge sack of toys, and right at the bottom was a little grey duckling. On the label was a name and a mobile number. I rang the number and left a message. Half an hour later, a Mum phoned me to say that yes, the duckling was in fact her daughters which had been lost ages before. A short while later, child and "Duckory" the cuddly duckling were reunited! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/77-duckory-the-lost-toy
Chinese girl got her gift in No Fill$Today is my first time to go to No Fill, when I went to the cashier I had just knew they just accept the debate and cash, and I didn't have cash so I replied to the cashier in my unfluent English embrasely "just cancel it.." The handsome guy who was standing behind he said,"no worries, I 'll pay for you." I was shock and wooden, and when I asked him his email for returning, he said,"this is first time I meet you, isn't it?...It is ok, ...don't feel bad." I am grateful for his help! Wish him has a wonderful 2016! :) $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/76-chinese-girl-got-her-gift
a father gives a poor man some food and cloth in the winter$The father, Jerimal Fixin, gave a poor man some Indian food when he found him shivering and staring. Gratefully, the poor man thanked him several times. The father responded, "It's okay. A man has to do what a man should do." He handed an old blanket to the poor man, who was wearing only a plain shirt and ripped jeans.  The poor man says,"Bless you. I'm thankful to god for you coming to me. I'll never forget this deed. Thank you. Thank you." He said,"We would've thrown it anyways so now you could use it. Once again, a man's gotta do what a man's gotta do." $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/75-a-father-gives-a-poor
The girl who was  a bully$There once was a girl who was a bully  some kids were scared of here some was not but one day there was a new kid in school  one of the kids to her that she needs to  move out of the way there is a bully comeing down the hallway  so the girl did but  be for she moved out of the way she told the bully that it is not nice to be mean to other people and so the bully  told her sorry and asked the new kid to be her friend  and the new kid said okay that she will be here friend if she did not be mean to no more people ever again.                                                                                                                                                                                             THE END $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/74-the-girl-who-was-a
Best Birthday Ever$Last year I decided to tell my family that I didn't want or need anything for my birthday, except that they think of a way to share a kindness in their world in my honor. My two adult children and my husband all did something different and wonderful. During the week of my birthday, my husband, a teaching golf pro, went to the café on the golf course and told a waitress that he wanted to anonymously pay for the breakfast of a military family. First the waitress started crying, saying it was her last day at work there and this had never happened. When the family finished eating, the waitress told them their bill had been paid. The mom started crying and the dad stood up trying to see who might have done it, but my husband was outside watching the whole thing. He told me he had such a wonderful feeling in his heart, but that it wasn't nearly what he would have spent for my birthday gift so he would need to do it a few more times! My son bought gift cards at the local coffee café and gave them to his 4-year-old daughter. She picked people in the line to hand a gift card to, telling them that she wanted to give them a cup of coffee because it was her grandmother's birthday. A dad said he never would have thought to include his little girls in something like this. He said he was going straight home to tell them about it so they could make a similar plan with all of his daughters included. My daughter was on a tighter budget so she spent the week smiling more at people, being gentler, giving up an excellent parking spot, and letting someone in front of her at the market. She said she just took the time during my birthday week to slow down a little and show kindness to strangers and co-workers. When we all got together for Mother's Day and my birthday, everyone was in tears as each person shared what they had done. This was the best birthday ever!! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/73-best-birthday-ever
Coffee for the Teachers$I am a huge lover of coffee and know for a fact that my son's teachers are, as well. I have been trying to bring them in a coffee whenever I go into the classroom for something to show them my appreciation for all of their hard work and dedication. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/72-coffee-for-the-teachers
Abby & Hannah's RAOK$On January 10, 2015, lifelong best friends Abby Liefer, 19, and Hannah Porter, 20, were the victims of a fatal car crash on a rural highway outside of Red Bud, Illinois, when an approaching underage drunk driver crossed the center line and hit them head on. My name is Alison; Abby was my little sister. She was only 19 years old. She will never be able to finish college, watch her nieces and nephews grow, get married, have kids, and most importantly, she will never get to continue to share her smile with the world. Her best friend, Hannah, was also killed that night. Two families torn apart. Two families that will never have a normal Christmas again. Two families that will always be missing someone in family pictures. I am determined to help make the world a better place through the memory of them and random acts of kindness (RAOK) became my outlet. As part of my personal effort to make the world a better place through the girls' names, I held an online event through Facebook that asked family and friends to participate in an act of random kindness on the one month anniversary of their death. By the time the event took place, over 10,000 people committed to participating. Every state in the United States, along with countries including the Philippines, Australia, and the Netherlands, were represented. Local and national news stations covered the story and helped me spread their spirits through others. It was simply amazing and humbling. Teachers implemented a lesson for that day for students and many told stories of how they helped with chores for their parents, told them nice things, held doors open for someone, or simply just smiled at people walking by. Others told stories of how they paid in line at fast food places and it continued for hours. Some put lottery tickets on windshields or taped them to gas station pumps. Some handed out flowers. Local businesses gave out free haircuts, products, and candy for Abby and Hannah. Some even went so far as to go to city hall and paid for a random person's electric bill that was behind. These RAOKs went on all day, all week, all month, and some are doing it to this day. Because of the absolutely amazing widespread kindness, the state of Illinois officially declared February 10, 2015, Abby & Hannah's RAOK Day, in memory of the girls. Now, when you "Google" their names, the first things that pops up are not the story of how they lost their lives, but how they have changed other people's lives. That was my entire goal. I plan on continuing my pursuit by spreading the word once again on February 10. A day that will change lives, even if it's just for a day, all in the name of Abby and Hannah. Check out our Facebook page for more information and to "join" our event. No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. -Aesop Thank you so much for taking the time to read my story. My sister's favorite quote was from my dad, "Remember who you are" and I will always do everything I can to make sure people will remember who SHE was. https://www.facebook.com/events/1663973947213136/ Alison Schubert $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/71-abby-hannahs-raok
Two Millennials Create Kindness Experiment$Realizing that we're two self-centered millennials, often focused on what’s ahead instead of what’s around us, we created a series of 12 steps as a way to become kinder, more empathetic people.  Based on 12-step programs designed to change behaviors, we took a vow to complete this 12-month resolution last January, one step per month. We’ve also designed the experiment so that others can participate too. It's sort of a modern day, non-religious way that any one can attempt to examine their lives and apathy and attempt to become kinder. There are many articles, books and beliefs on how to become kinder people, but how often do we really put these into practice? So we literally attempted to try many of the popular idioms.  Quick run through of each step: Step 1: Can I Help You? Can we gain any empathy or perspective by talking to strangers with different situations? We went out and asked New Yorkers one simple question: "How can we help you?" Step 2: Open Your Eyes Bystander apathy is a phenomenon prevalent in NYC. We hung missing people signs and sat next to them. Did anyone notice? What if we did the same thing with a dog? Step 3: Switch it Up   There are always people who bother us and situations we try to avoid due to our selfishness. What if we had to do their job? Could we be kinder to them in the future? Step 4: Don’t Beat Yourself Up Jessie talks about mental health issues here and I talk about women's issues in the past. We all beat ourselves up for the way we've handled things in the past. We tried to forgive ourselves for these experiences by opening up about them. Step 5: Forgive & Forget I went in search for my biological father I've never met. We faced a very painful past experience with someone who hurt us deeply. Can we let go of the pain or misunderstanding we have? Can we gain compassion by confronting them? Step 6: Face Yourself Jessie confronts her fear of becoming a mother and I shave my head for my fear of going bald. Everyone has their own fears and insecurities and we often hide behind them by judging others. We took a major personal insecurity of ours and faced it head on. Step 7: Kill Them With Kindness They say the ultimate act of compassion is to learn to love your “enemies". We tried to better understand someone who we don’t get along with by doing something nice for them. Step 8: Walk a Mile In Their Shoes Jessie doesn't understand religion, so she went on an exploratory and participated in all kinds of practices: Catholicism, Buddhism, Scientology, etc. It’s easy to judge lifestyle decisions that we don’t like or understand. We participated in the liveliness of others as a way to learn more about them and their lifestyles. Step 9: Go Big or Go Home Tim drove home 8 hours on Thanksgiving to surprise his mother for dinner. Why do we always neglect the people who we are closest to? We picked one special person in our lives who we commonly neglect and did something nice for them. Step 10: Pay it Forward We left wallets all over NYC with money and a little note asking that the recipient do one kind thing with it. We also delivered random acts of kindness to people on the streets. Step 11: Wear a Smile For eight hours straight, we walked around NYC and smiled at every person we came across. Could we make them smile? Could we bring a moment of happiness to their life? Step 12: Dive Deep  For this last step we're going to dive deep into what we've learned and try to do something much larger than ourselves. We’ll open this platform to start a dialogue with micro websites bases on some global issues happening. Check out Tim and Jessie's 12 Kinds of Kindness Project   $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/68-two-millennials-create-kindness-experiment
Meet Madison: Founder of Peach's Neet Feet$My name is Madison Peach Steiner. I am the founder of Peach's Neet Feet and, after almost five years of running a non-profit based on the platform of kindness and the science of caring, I see the world through a lens of compassion. I believe one act of kindness can be the foundation for great change in the world.  I grew up in a family where kindness and compassion towards others was put before anything else. Because of that, I have an expanding vision for a kinder world and will continue to use Peach’s Neet Feet as a way to create a platform for synergy, conversations, and long-lasting actions that will help create a kinder world. A world where people would come together to find comfort through connection and to share in moments, not material things. Instead of people creating labels for others based on judgment, they will celebrate each other, even in their differences.  A kinder world would require a massive shift in perspective and in how people connect with one another, but I believe we all have that ability inside us. Connecting with others allows for positive and impactful interactions that result in opportunities to help others through kindness and sharing resources. Together we can begin to shift from the “me” mentality this world is stuck in, and move towards a world of respect and kindness for others. See Madison's Kindness In Action!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/67-meet-madison-founder-of-peachs
Wake-Up Call$A couple of years ago, I was introduced to a wonderfully great initiative called “Random Act of Kindness Week”. The name speaks for itself; it’s a call to action to show kindness, in some capacity, for 7 days. There is a foundation in Denver that spearheads this directive. Its charge is to take this week to step out of your normal routine or comfort zone and attempt a new random act of kindness each day of the celebratory week. I thought it was profound so I wrote a blog post about it in 2012. I wanted to inspire others to embrace this endeavor. I encouraged people to do something nice for a stranger, make a new friend, and give sincere compliments to everyone. The only problem? I didn’t walk the walk. I may have thrown around an extra compliment or two, smiled a little more or told a buddy how much I valued his friendship, but I can honestly say that I was sitting firmly on the sidelines. That’s why I added number 52 to my new life list: “Actively Participate in Random Act of Kindness Week.” I looked up the dates for 2014, marked it on my calendar, and completely forgot about it. On February 10, I received a reminder notification on my phone that said simply, “Happy RAK Week!” It was here, and I was unprepared. That sounds kind of strange, huh? Unprepared to show kindness? Yep! Guilty! I was at a complete loss about what to do. At one point, I even asked myself, “What IS kindness?” You would have thought that someone told me that C-A-T now spelled dog. I sat at my desk, stared at the floor, and hoped for all the answers to magically appear. I sat there for a long time. No magic. I re-read my 2012 blog post, but the calls to action were so vague. I became even more confused. Then, I prayed: “Heavenly Father…I don’t mean to be an idiot, but I need you to open my heart and educate me about kindness. Show me how you want to use me this week.” I looked up from the floor and heard a profound whisper: “How do you experience kindness? What has to happened in your life to feel kindness from another person?” Then the whisper turned into a loud, stern command: “Start. There.” So, I did. I put together a 7-day plan of attack and executed it: MONDAY: Reach out to someone who positively impacted your professional career; express your appreciation on how they influenced your life. My RAK: I sent e-mails to two men who gave me a chance to live out my dream of “coaching” college football. Everett Todd hired me as a volunteer coach at Blinn College in 2001 and Mike Sinquefield hired me as recruiting coordinator at TCU 3 years later. I told both of them: “I know it might sound a little weird, but I wouldn’t be where I am today without YOU! Thank you!”  TUESDAY: Let someone know that they’re in your prayers. My RAK: I reached out to a high school buddy and his wife. Their 4-year-old son, Jackson, is in a backyard brawl with Leukemia. I’ve been receiving his updates on Facebook, and I’ve been inspired by his strength and courage. I wanted his parents to know that prayers were coming their way. I also shared a wonderfully great story of another family friend whose granddaughter stood toe-to-toe with cancer and whipped its butt. I told them that I thought it was important that they heard stories like that. WEDNESDAY: Do something for a complete stranger. My RAK: I bought groceries for a random person. Confession: I strategically picked this person because her basket was pretty light. I wanted to do something nice and unexpected for someone without taking out a loan. So I purchased some milk, creamer, bananas, a Valentine’s card, and some other things. I told the woman, “I’d like to buy your groceries today.” She responded, “I’ve heard of this. Pay it forward, right?” I handed her one of my "Live the List" business cards. On the back, I had actually written “Pay. It. Forward.” I also wished her a happy Random Act of Kindness Week. She was very appreciative and she promised that she would pay it forward.  THURSDAY: Let your family know how much you care. My RAK: I sent flowers to my sisters with a simple note, expressing how much I loved them. They are such amazing sisters. I told them that I don’t tell them that enough. FRIDAY (Valentine’s Day): Do something nice for your spouse. My RAK: I played hooky from work and gave my wife an entire day to herself. She could do anything she wanted to do while I held down the fort with the kiddos. I try to give her a couple hours during the week for a “Mommy Day Out,” but life sometimes throws a wrench into our plan. She wrote a Facebook message: “There were no roses delivered to me today, no sparkling jewelry, and no crazy stuffed animals, but I got the best Valentine's Day gift I could ever receive. My honey took off work today, took the kids, and gave me a full day to myself!! Can I say I have the most AMAZING hubby ever?! So I grabbed my yoga mat, a good read, and my breast pump! Ha! Sorry if that’s TMI (shrug) but a baby’s gotta eat! And headed out! Feeling refreshed!” SATURDAY: Embrace the power of presence. My RAK: My mom has a 90-year-old cousin who lives in Glen Rose. I spent a little over an hour with her on Saturday morning, discussing local politics and family history. She is sharp, funny, and opinionated, which are all of the things that I miss in my two grandmothers. As I was leaving, we decided it would be nice to do it again soon. She promised to remember to offer me coffee next time. SUNDAY: Express gratefulness to your parents. My RAK: I simply wrote my parents a thank you note expressing my appreciation for them being the greatest parents and grandparents in the world. I closed my note by writing, “I love you guys so much. I never want you to question my gratefulness.” Confession: I had a hard time writing this post. The last thing that I wanted to do was scream: “I’m. So. Awesome. Look. At. Me.” That definitely wasn’t the point, so I kept asking myself, “Why are you sharing all of this?” I never came up with a good answer. I just kept writing. Then it hit me. Maybe – just maybe – one of my random acts of kindness will inspire someone else. Maybe they will reach out to a person who inspired them and say thank you, tell their siblings how much they love them and/or express their gratitude to their folks. I realized throughout this process that I don’t do this enough. For some tragic reason, it is out of my “normal routine” and outside my “comfort zone”. For me to show kindness WAS random. Again, when I added #52 to my current life list, I wasn’t sure why I was doing it. I do now. This endeavor made me realize that it’s not that difficult to step out of the spotlight and put the emphasis on others. That’s all kindness is: putting others before yourself. After 7 days of executing my plan of attack, I made a vow to myself to remove the “randomness” from my acts of kindness. I promised myself to be more intentional about it. That’s my charge to YOU: Be intentional about showing kindness. Again, it’s not difficult. It can be a note, e-mail, or letter. It can be a kind word or smile. It can be a helping hand. It can be 5 minutes of your undivided attention. How do you accomplish this? Just start! Do something kind for another person RIGHT NOW! I promise it will completely change your mindset and positively impact your day. Then what? Do it again tomorrow. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/61-wake-up-call
How I Turned My Life Into a Platform for Kindness$In 2011, I began posting daily self-thought "Happiness is" quotes on my personal Facebook page. Fast forward five years and I have turned a simple status into an initiative for goodness. The Smile Project has become my passion project. I currently run all forms of social media as well as the website. I conduct merchandise sales and go to speaking engagements to talk about the importance of kindness and joy. I recently created S.P.A.R.K chapters. SPARK stands for "Strengthening Positivity and Reinforcing Kindness." These charters are operated independently by schools, youth groups, and communities across the country but hold true to the values and beliefs of The Smile Project. To learn more about this organization, please visit: www.the-smile-project.com Go forth in goodness, my fellow RAKtivists. Love always, Liz $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/58-how-i-turned-my-life
Kindness is the Best Medicine$My friend was standing in line to buy some medicine she needed, but when the cashier told her the price, my friend was surprised to find that she was a few dollars short. She asked if she could leave and come back for the medicine since she did have more money at home. Before the cashier could reply, however, the person waiting behind my friend offered to pay for her. My friend was grateful and accepted the offer. It was not until after the transaction was completed and my friend found out that the customer paid the full price of the medicine and not just the few dollars she was missing that my friend became truly shocked at this person's kindness. When my friend confessed to me that she wanted to pay this person back but did not know who it was, I was glad that I had the opportunity to pay the kindness forward instead! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/54-kindness-is-the-best-medicine
$$https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/whos-your-one
My Dad: Kindness Hero$My father Gale is 82 years old now. I recently learned about his random act of kindness that happened more than 60 years ago. I wept as my mother told me the story. She began, "You know your father will never tell you this, but I want you to know when you and your sister were very little, your father worked in the coal mine near Alpha. It was dangerous and dirty work. One day while your Dad was working his shift, a guy on the crew broke his ankle and your father watched as others carried the fellow out of the mine. "Your Dad thought about that fella with a broken ankle all during the rest of his shift. He kept thinking, how will this man feed his family this week and the next? That day, at the end of his shift, he went to his boss and asked if he could work double-shifts for a month or two so the fella with the broken ankle and his family would continue to have a weekly paycheck until he could return to work. "Dad's boss said yes. Dad worked his shift, and the extra shift for a crew member he did not know much about, except that he had a wife and children. Dad worked double shifts for two months." $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/49-my-dad-kindness-hero
My Success Is Defined by Kindness$My name is James. I’m 27 years old and a Development Practitioner living in Mzuzu, Malawi.   My career involves working with people in rural communities. Most of the people I work with are poor and live on less than a dollar a day. All of my childhood life, I wished to work as a banker. However all this changed when I volunteered to help with children and young people with mental problems just to pass time. I loved working with children and young people. That work that summer changed my life’s perceptions. I felt fulfilled with the change that my work brought in the lives of children and young people I worked with. Thus I changed my career direction towards development so I can work with people in need. I am a different person and I like what I have become. My success is defined by the acts of kindness, the changes and the lives I impact in my day to day work. I founded and am running Centre for Youth and Development, a nonprofit with a focus on children and young people through which I am sowing seeds of kindness.  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/48-my-success-is-defined-by
Kindness Saved Me at 16 years old$Kindness saved me. A person took me in when I was sixteen and for the first time in my life, I was safe. She didn’t have to do this; she received no compensation for taking me in, and I wasn’t very nice. I was a hostile, untrusting, and malicious teenage girl because that’s how I had survived. Those few months with her and her family changed everything I knew about people and life. She was humble and had limited resources, but she always managed to make everything stretch. She would do kind things for other people and I would sometimes tag along. I observed the grace of giving quietly, surprising someone with a meal, or helping someone through heartache. The soul needs more than words to heal. Unknowingly, I had discovered the serenity of being kind without expectation and the tranquility of choosing happiness. I went back to my old life because there were people who needed me, but it hurt to leave. I was different when I went back; kinder, but stronger. I tried to recreate a little of the serenity she had shown me in small ways. I made time to volunteer at a women’s shelter. I would surprise people with a meal, send anonymous get-well gifts, or help someone homebound with their errands. Instead of willing myself dead, I was willing myself to live. I wasn’t sure how to live happy, but I did my best and I’m still learning. I’m in my thirties now and her kindness still resonates in my life. She still inspires and motivates me. Without her influence, I wouldn’t be here today. The power of her kindness wasn’t grand or loud; it was quiet and steadfast. The woman who changed my life passed away a few years after she helped me. I never had the chance to say goodbye. Small acts of kindness are my way of honoring her memory and an effort to make sure no one else goes so long without kindness in their lives. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/47-kindness-saved-me-at-16
Meet Cara: Kindness Storyteller$When I graduated from college, I dreamed of being a television news reporter. Having no experience, I had to start small at a dinky little cable station in Naples, Florida, a town I had never heard of before. I put my time in covering sea turtle rescues and unknown celebrities until I finally got my big break in the form of a job in Boston. There, I got to work in a fancy new station, sign autographs for school kids, and have access to a helicopter and a fleet of live trucks. I had made it! Soon, reality set in. In a big city market there was always some bad news happening somewhere and I was too often sent chasing accused criminals out of courtrooms, waiting outside of crime scene tape, or at the doorstep of a family still reeling from tragedy. My breaking point came the day I accidentally informed a young woman her mother died. It was the worst day of my professional life and the day I decided I no longer wanted to shine a light on these stories. At the same time my career was unraveling, my personal life was too. My mom had always told me “when you’re hurting, go help someone else.” To get through the last months of my contract, I started seeking out stories of people who had been in the news under tragic circumstances but were doing something inspiring with their lives: a young girl who was paralyzed by a stray bullet but was uplifting her classmates with her positive spirit, a blind and autistic musician who learned to play 27 instruments,and  a disabled war vet who opened his own art studio. These stories were the inspiration behind Storytellers for Good, an organization I started to tell and promote stories like them. Over the last 10 years, I have discovered my kindness gift: my ability to see the beautiful essence of a person and reflect it back to them and the world. But the gift has been all mine. In telling stories of people turning their own hurt into acts of helping others I have become more compassionate, more grateful, and more kind. I have learned kindness is who we are, that our capacity for it is limitless and that, as we shine a light on it, it grows. Cara is the mastermind behind the Random Acts of Kindness Foundation's videos. To read more about Cara’s organization, visit: http://storytellersforgood.com/ $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/46-meet-cara-kindness-storyteller
Be Kind. Make a Difference.$My name is Nicole La Ha Zwiercan and, to me, kindness is life changing. Before getting into why kindness is so important to me, I'd like to first say sadly, I wasn't always this way.  By no means did I go out of my way to be mean to people, but I didn't go out of my way to be kind either. As a victim of bullying in grade school and again as an adult at my first job as a new hygienist, I used to be embarrassed and ashamed this had happened to me. I believed I brought this upon myself in some way. I never really talked about it and harvested resentful emotions. Since then, I have realized that workplace bullying is far too common. The more I began to read and research the more I began to feel inspired & empowered.  After trying to reach out to active local anti-bullying groups with no luck, I decided it was time to do something. It was time for me to give back, and so my organization "Be Kind. Make A Difference." was born. Our mission focuses not only on bully prevention and awareness, but also on inspiring kindness with children AND adults. One of the features of “Be Kind. Make a Difference” is visiting with schools throughout Illinois. Through my collaboration with “The Rainbow Rabbit” organization, I lead discussions on kindness, acceptance, and the celebration of our differences. I not only hope to inspire these students to be brave and stand up for each other when it comes to bullying, but I also want to inspire them to create a community of kindness, even outside of school. I want to show them such a small, simple act of kindness can change someone's life in a really big way! Sometimes all it takes is just one person to be kind and break the cycle. I do this with adults as well. A new feature of my organization I have plans to put in action this year is called the "Kindness Crew" here in Chicago.  Whether it be through getting involved with volunteerism, hosting community events, or just committing random acts of kindness, we're going to be out and about bringing awareness, spreading kindness, and hopefully inspiring others to do the same! Kindness doesn’t cost a thing, but can do SO much! I truly believe being kind can change someone's life- yours and theirs. To read more about Nicole’s organization, visit: http://www.nicolelahazwiercan.com/  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/45-be-kind-make-a-difference
Kane's Story: Overcome Suffering Through Giving$My whole life has been dedicated to the search for meaning in chaos. My life has been a voyage for the one true way to enlightenment, to recovery, to being well, to find inner peace, and to fit. It comes from growing up in a complex family dynamic (or to put it another way a family that was well...screwed up). It comes from knowing you are starting this adventure called Life in the worst possible way with all the odds stacked against you. I have traveled the world, lived nomadic, and been several times on the edge. I have explored mysticism, alternative lifestyles, religion, and psychology. Yet, all this seeking, at best, met me with 'less than satisfied'. I now understand it is the simplest of things in life that can and do make us well: connecting with people and creatively taking part in life, experiencing new adventures, and achieving even minor things. Living is about testing ourselves and celebrating what we then can achieve. Like I said, I have tried everything because I have lived through everything and that is no exaggeration. Mental illness, near death experiences, trauma, and childhood abuse, to name just a few. So what after all these years have I found that has broken the cycle of human suffering? Giving. The act of giving with compassion and kindness releases you from the trap of the loyalty to self-fulfilling misery. Giving is a paradox; it is both an act of self-healing as well as an act of healing another. Giving breaks down the cycle of time travel, of living in the past or worrying about the future. The act of kindness forces our minds into the present, the here and now. Giving is an act of mindfulness; a live, active, and interactive version. One of the most powerful effects of giving to another is that we create a sense of belonging for the other person through our recognition of them. Our act of kindness acknowledges their existence in a world where many people feel invisible, alone, and unnoticed. We make them feel valued and that, by default, values us. Being kind lifts us from depression and the cycle of self hate, makes our mark on the world, and creates, like a positive virus, the same feelings in another. For more information on Kane’s organization, visit http://elephantbook.squarespace.com $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/44-kanes-story-overcome-suffering-through
Peggy Filer's Kindness Club$My name is Peggy Filer and I’m a high school health teacher near Seattle, Washington.  Fifteen years ago, two of my students asked me to be the advisor of their new Random Acts of Kindness Club and I said yes. I asked what we would be doing and they laughed and said they didn’t know; they were RANDOM acts, after all! Perfect, because I am random, too. Since then our club has grown from five members to 125 and we have added things like adopting Main Street in our home town of Duvall, Washington, going out for Mexican food and paying for people’s meals, and being big buddies for kids with disabilities to help them play baseball and go bowling. Every year we have a Kindness Week with special days like Manners Monday, Thankful Thursday, and Freshmen Friday. During that week we have small strips of colored paper where the kids can write an act of kindness they’ve seen, done, or received and then we link them together to make a Kindness Chain that drapes over our Commons area. I try to emphasize that everyday kindness is the most important thing and that it’s more than just being polite – it’s being warm and authentic. We leave the chain there for a few weeks to remind everyone about how easy it is to be kind. Also, we have invited kids from a nearby elementary school to draw kindness pictures with our kids. I think my big kids enjoy it even more than the younger kids! I try to emphasize that everyday kindness is the most important thing and that it’s more than just being polite – it’s being warm and authentic. Also, I try to get kids to understand that meanness, as well as kindness, can have a ripple effect so they should try to interrupt that negative cycle and convert it to kindness. We have a feature on our school website called BUSTED FOR KINDNESS. There the staff members send a quick message about a kid they’ve seen being kind and then I go take a picture of them with a sign that says “Kind People Rock,” and it goes up on the site for all to see. When I walk in a classroom with that sign the kids turn and are excited to see who is getting BUSTED. All these things can be easily added to someone’s day. I have no special talent, just a heart that wants to make someone’s day a bit better. See Peggy’s Kindness Club in action!  $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/41-peggy-filers-kindness-club
Saving a Life with Kindness$One afternoon, my friends and I were painting a banner for our high school homecoming in the hallway but kept having to go inside of the girl’s bathroom to wash off our messy brushes. I noticed a girl standing in the bathroom quietly sobbing to herself. Everyone kept passing this girl, pretending she wasn't even there. I myself had spent several years of high school standing in bathrooms around the school crying because I was struggling with depression and anxiety. It triggered something deep within my heart as I saw some of myself in this girl. So, despite being a bit shy walking up to a stranger, I approached the girl and asked if she was okay, even though I knew she wasn't. She shook her head no and I told her that she wasn't alone and I would do anything she needed me to, to ease this pain she was in. The school day was almost over though and she had to catch her ride so I gave her my phone number and made her promise to text me that night so we could talk and so she wouldn't have to cope alone. We ended up texting most of the night and the next morning she told me had I not stopped and given her my time, she probably would have gone through with her plan and committed suicide. I had no idea as we were standing in the bathroom that she was about ready to take her life and that an act that seemed so small to me made all the difference in her life. It made all those sayings about the power of kindness suddenly seem so true. That day reaffirmed my decision to find work in a field where I could help those struggling with mental illnesses. Today I am in the process of starting my own organization called "Fight For Your Infinity" to bring light to those who can't currently see it themselves. I will continue to fight for those suffering because nobody should ever feel like they aren't cared about. I care and I will spend my entire life spreading that message. The girl in the bathroom still has her life and I love seeing that she hasn't given up. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/34-saving-a-life-with-kindness
Meet Houston, Kindness Advocate$About 6 years ago, I was on a plane next to a woman who was relentlessly energetic and fidgety. I was tired and wanted to take a nap. But before I could go into “ignore mode,” she tapped me on the shoulder to introduce herself. “Hi, my name is Helga!” We got to talking and eventually it came up that I had started an organization in high school called R.A.K.E. (Random Acts of Kindness, Etc.). As I described what we did, Helga got very serious and told me that she thought, “there was nothing more important in the world than Kindness.” I was curious why she was so passionate and, as the plane took off, she dove into a story about the last time she had flown; it was 3 years past and she was en route to Arizona because she had gotten sudden news her Dad’s health was on the decline. Just as the plane was about to depart to Phoenix, her father’s physician called to inform her that her dad had rather suddenly passed away. For the 3 hour plane ride, she sat in stunned silence around strangers. When she arrived to the airport in Arizona, she walked to the nearest wall, sat down, and cried. And here is the part I’ll never forget about Helga’s story. For 2 hours she sat and wept while thousands walked to and fro in the airport. Helga looked at me and said, “Houston, not a single person stopped and asked if I was okay that day. Not one person. It was that day that I realized how much we need each other. It was that day I realized that kindness isn’t normal.” Kindness isn't normal. That has stuck with me all these years, especially now that I work in schools nationwide speaking about compassion, kindness, empathy, and love. I’m reminded all the time that, for many of us (especially young people - but certainly not exclusively), Kindness is NOT usually our default setting. We spend so much time worrying about our problems, our lives, our comfort, our insecurities, and getting to our flight that we walk by or ignore people in need of kindness every day. I’m oftentimes so worried about ME that I’m really bad at taking care of YOU. So, I’ve made it my mission to do my part in making kindness normal, by sharing stories with students, teachers, and parents about our need for character and compassion. I help to provide young people with practical ways to exercise kindness, because they don’t always know what it looks like!  And, for me? I’m always on the lookout for Helgas; I look for the little opportunities that surround me every day to practice making kindness my default setting. For more info about Houston's work in schools visit www.houstonkraft.com $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/33-meet-houston-kindness-advocate
8-Year-Old World-Changer$My name is Abby and I'm 8 years old. I care about helping people in need. One simple way I think someone can add kindness to the world is by giving to the homeless or needy. When you do something like this you get a tingly feeling that I call “the kindness feeling”. The kindness feeling is my favorite feeling ever. I believe the world needs more kindness because when you give kindness, it spreads. I believe kindness is a necessity to the body. Without kindness, the world is just sad. Every year, I do a pay-it-forward project. One year I collected and donated towels to a local animal shelter. Another year I made breakfast for the police. When I was very little I raised $1,000 for Shelterbox to help people who were victims of a tsunami. All of this matters to me because kindness is my life. See Abby’s kindness in action! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1130-8-year-old-world-changer
Encouraging Students in Kindness$My name is Sarah, and I teach the most awesome middle schoolers around! In addition to teaching language arts, I have the honor of supervising our school’s Kindness Club. The Kindness Club is a student-created organization devoted to spreading messages of love and positivity around our school. One of my favorite Kindness Club initiatives has been the addition of a daily kindness quote to our morning announcements. Another fun activity was celebrating Teacher Appreciation Day by giving every teacher at our school a flower and a card full of affirming messages from students. Probably my favorite activity of all has been our “Free Compliment Days”. On the afternoon before a compliment day, Kindness Club members stay after school in my classroom and decorate over 300 sticky notes with inspiring messages. They then stick an uplifting note on the locker of every middle schooler. The next day, these same dedicated students arrive at school extra early and stand by the entrances to the building with a sign that reads “Free Compliments!” We play happy music and shout out compliments to our peers. It is SO much fun to watch students yell out everything from, “Your face is beautiful!” to “Your sneakers are poppin’!” I also love seeing the expressions on the faces of students who are receiving these wonderful compliments! I believe that one of my most important roles as a teacher is to encourage students to be kind to each other. I believe wholeheartedly that kindness can change the world, and my middle school students prove it to me daily! $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1129-encouraging-students-in-kindness
Proving You Matter$When I was younger, I thought that kindness was an individualistic thing. I figured that I could just give what I thought others wanted and I would be handed a one-way ticket to Happyville. This thought process was drastically altered when I was diagnosed with clinical depression. It became obvious that what I needed, as everyone does, was the ability to love myself. Not only that, but I had to learn how to make deeper, more meaningful connections with people. My struggle with mental health was something that turned into a campaign to let every single person know that they matter and cannot be replaced. In highschool it can be difficult to convey this idea, but I pursued my passions relentlessly. The fruits of my labor are the habits and traditions I have created to help teenagers. Every Friday, I show up to school with homemade treats and pass them out to those who seem to need a pick-me-up. I try to memorize as many names as I possibly can. I have started a club that gives students a safe place to express themselves and learn how to apply empathy in their everyday lives. On my personal social media account, I post weekly affirmations to inspire both my friends and me. It is amazing how the very act of being noticed can change someone’s life. Adolescents often feel that their emotions are somehow “invalid” and their fear of vulnerability makes many of them shy away from real emotional connections.  As I go off to college this year, I will be working towards a degree (or two!) that will help me start a non-profit foundation in the future. My ultimate goal is to prove that the world is not a collection of unsolvable problems, but something that can be changed and altered by even the smallest of actions.  Everyone can make a difference; but only if they believe they can. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1128-proving-you-matter
Making the World Kinder$Mark Twain said, “Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.” To me, kindness is important because when I am kind, I feel good and my life has meaning. Kindness is the ability to enrich the lives of others. It can be expressed though a smile, a kind word, or a helping hand. Sometimes, the kindest thing we can do is just to walk away from a tense situation and not react with anger or retribution. One thing is certain, each of us benefits personally, and our world is a better place when we treat each other with kindness, regardless of the circumstances. Sometimes we search for “the right” opportunity to be kind, or we look for someone who is “deserving” of our kindness. Everyone needs kindness. Regardless of our social status, education level or any other factor that might separate us, an act of kindness always brings us together. Two years ago, I was looking for a way to celebrate World Kindness Day. I called a friend, Kevin, also a Raktivist, and asked if he wanted to join me in a Random Act of Kindness. We decided to pay for someone’s groceries. We did, and we had so much fun we decided to invite a few friends and do something similar again a few weeks later. We invited about 20 friends on Facebook to join us. By the time the day came, the invitation had been forwarded over 5,000 times! We had a group of over 550 people that day surprising strangers with Random Acts of Kindness. That was the beginning of the Pittsburgh Kindness Initiative. We just celebrated our second anniversary this past November. We continue to sponsor quarterly kindness celebrations. In addition, we now speak at corporate functions, schools, non-profit organizations and churches, and talk about the powerful positive impact kindness can have on our lives. In the last two years kindness groups like ours have sprung up in Atlanta, Kalamazoo, Dubuque, St. Louis, and San Diego. We also started the trackable kindness card, which allows us to follow how many people one Random Act of Kindness touches when recipients enter the number from the card on the Pittsburgh Kindness Initiative website. Our goal is simple: to make the world a kinder place one smile at a time. Imagine what the world could be like if we would ask ourselves one simple question before we react: What is the kind thing to do in this situation? Could we eliminate war, hatred, poverty, starvation, and human suffering? I don’t know but we should try, for ourselves, for our children, and for the world. $https://www.randomactsofkindness.org/kindness-stories/1127-making-the-world-kinder
